1 1 1 !T*ii.i i: M 1 1 1 1 1 :n'm' 1 1 r'liKiii'f.i 1 1 1 i wwn'\ i i ;;Jiii'iM'rfr!'ii ; i I'HiM'ti'i 1 1 ! ?iii'i'Pi>i'i'i i ' 1 1 1 i.'bt ?i'i 1 1 



YryL I 




Given By 



^ 



^ 



;!![ffrrnn!irr;!T!:!!';iM![rn'iMiir!Ji;frHTiTi:[iiurr[rrinjni!:[ri;'i.;.f;^ 



MltU 



Jljilj 



niis'irLLil::'i.il'i'ii!i; 



I 



MASSACHUSETTS 



Soldiers and Sailors 



Revolutionary War. 



A COMPILATION FROM THE ARCHIVES, 

PREPARED AND PUBLISHED BY THE 

SECRETARY OF THE COMMONWEALTH 

Ix ACCORDANCE WITH CHAPTER 100, KeSOLVES 
OF 1891. 



BOSTON :, , 
WRIGHT & POTTER FEINTING CO ., STATE PRINTERS, 

18 Post Qffjce.Squaue. ^ .^ .. 
1896. ,. \. . . ;i V 



TARY OF TH! 



'V-- 



PREFACE. 



The General Court of 1891, by chapter 100 of its resolves, 
directed the Secretary of the Commonwealth to prepare and 
publish " An indexed compilation of the records of the Mas- 
sachusetts soldiers and sailors who served in the army or 
navy during the Revolutionary War, as shown in the archives 
in the office of the Secretary." The work was begun in Sep- 
tember of 1891 by making a card record index to all names 
found upon the muster rolls, pay rolls and other documents 
which form the Revolutionary War archives. The Revolu- 
tionary collection at that time numbered sixty volumes of 
rolls, orders, receipts, etc., together with the continental 
regiment books, numbering twenty-one volumes of individual 
pay accounts. The work on this collection had been nearly 
completed when a mass of rolls and miscellaneous papers was 
purchased, under authority of chapter 33 of the Resolves of 
1893, from Mr. Samuel A. Drake. This addition is equiva- 
lent in amount of material to two volumes and is now known 
as the Drake collection. Subsequent to this extension of the 
Revolutionary series, in 1894, a large number of company and 
regimental returns, descriptive lists, orderly books, account 
books, etc., making fourteen new volumes, were found among 
a miscellaneous, unclassified collection of documents which 
had been hidden away for years in the various storage places 
connected with the Secretary's office. Although much more 
time had been occupied in preparing the work for printing 
than had been originally estimated, it was deemed proper to 
incorporate these newly found records in the regular work, 
rather than to add a supplement ; and this was accordingly 
done. It will be seen that the original Revolutionary rolls 



IV ■ PREFACE. 



collection has been augmented by sixteen volumes, and it is 
estimated that the number of references to individual records 
of service has been increased at least one-third. It is from 
the card record index, comprising over six hundred and 
twenty thousand cards, that copy has 1)een i)repared for the 
printer. In the mean time, the card record index itself has 
been in use to answer thousands of requests for certificates of 
service. 

The arrangement of records in the printed volumes is the 
same as that of the card record index. The alphabetical 
arrangement of the names forms in itself an index to the 
work, and the plan of placing against each name every entry 
of separate and distinct service that could be identified as be- 
lonjrinii: to it reduces the task of searchinof for the record of 
any given individual to a minimum. 

In crediting service to any given individual, no attempt has 
been made to force identification where a person of similar 
name has been found upon the rolls as serving at a distinct and 
separate interval of time, in a difterent command and without 
any place of residence stated. Many of the rolls furnish no 
proof whatever as to residence of the men l)orne upon them. 
In addition to this fact, the practice of repeating common 
family names in various branches of the same family, which 
was in vogue at the period of the Revolution, rendered it un- 
safe to group together records of service merely because of 
similarity of names. The principle was adopted of bringing 
together scattered records of service and crediting them to one 
individual where identification was proven l)y place of resi- 
dence, bycontinuous service, or ])y service in the same com- 
mand at not too widely separated intervals, when it might be 
fairly presumed that the proofs of continuous service had failed 
of preservation and were only lacking from the state's collec- 
tion. All records that failed to meet these tests are simply 
printed as they are found, and must stand as unidentified. 
Again, it may happen that records of service of a given indi- 



PREFACE. V 

vidua! are separated by reason of a difference in spelling, or 
by the use at different times of obsolete or distorted forms of 
the same name. In order to render accessible to the searcher 
such individual records as may be separated by this cause, 
reference is made ag'ainst the modern or approved form of a 
name to every variation from it to be found in the index, it 
being understood that in every case the names are printed ex- 
actly as found"upon the original documents. By this means, 
where a record credited to any given individual appears incom- 
plete, an examination of the various forms of the name will 
often result in supplying the missing information ; although it 
must be borne in mind that full and complete records of service 
are not to be looked for in all cases, as the documentary proof 
is lacking from the archives, either because it has disappeared 
through a lack of proper care in the preservation of such 
material in former years, or because it never found its way 
into the custody of the Secretary's office. This is notably 
the case with regard to the year 1776, there l)eing fewer rolls 
for service during that year than of any other during the 
period covered by the Kevolutionar}^ War. 

A discrepancy will sometimes be found between the time 
allowed for a term of service and the actual time shown by the 
dates of enlistment and discharge. This arises from the prac- 
tice then in vogue of including in the term of service per- 
formed, an allowance, in days, for the distance travelled be- 
tween the place of service and the respective homes of the 
men enlisted. This obtained in all militia service and every 
twenty miles of travel was reckoned as an additional day. 
Any difference that may be found, therefore, of the kind above 
noted, is explained by the custom of making such allowances 
and simply means that travel is included in the service credited. 

It is to be regretted that the records of naval service dur- 
ing the Revolution in the possession of the Commonwealth, 
should be so meagre and incomplete as compared with those 
of military service, inasmuch as history records that the ser- 



VI PREFACE. 

vice rendered by the men of Massachusetts afloat was equally 
as creditable and meritorious as that rendered by the laud 
forces. By far the greater part of such service was performed 
by ])rivateers, and, these being matter of private enterprise, 
no official returns of officers or crews were required. Save 
the records of commissions granted to commanders of pri- 
vateers, an occasional crew list sworn to on clearance before 
naval officers is all that is to be found among the state archives 
to furnish j)roof of privateer service. Such records of naval 
service as there are consist mainly of rolls of state armed 
vessels, as they were called, made up for pay due officers and 
men for service performed during each cruise or term of en- 
gagement. But even these records do not show continuous 
service of such vessels in commission and are fewer in number 
than might be expected. 

There are included among the records published some of 
men who served in various Rhode Island regiments and in 
the First New York Regiment, fifty rolls and lists of the 
former and about a dozen of the latter being comprised in the 
Massachusetts Revolutionary Rolls collection. It was thought 
best to embody them here, as it was exceedingly doubtful 
whether they would otherwise ever be put in print. 

The following summary of the legislation of the Province 
and Commonwealth during the Revolutionary War })eriod is 
by Mr. James J. Tracy, Chief of the Archives Division of this 
office, who has had immediate charge of the entire work of 
compilation. Acknowledgment is due here of the intelligent 
and painstaking manner in which he has performed liis duty. 

WILLIAM M. OLIN, 

Secretary of the Commonwealth. 



Revolutionary War Legislation 

OF THE 

Province and Commonwealth. 



In the First Provincial Congress, on the 26th of October, 
. 1774, a committee, appointed "to consider what is necessary 
to be done for the defence and safety of the Province &c," 
made a report, upon which a resolve was immediately passed, 
making provision for the appointment of a Committee of 
Safety, who were empowered and directed, ^'when ever they 
shall judge it Necessary for the safety and Defence of the 
Inhabitants of this province and their Property against such 
person or persons as aforesaid to alarm, muster, and cause to 
be assembled with the utmost expedition, and compleatly 
armed accourtied and supplied with provisions sufficient for 
their support in their march to the place of Rendezvous, such 
and so many of the ^Militia of this Province as they shall judge 
necessary for the ends aforesaid ". Provision was made for 
the pay and subsistence of the force so assembled, and for the 
appointment of general officers. It was also resolved that such 
companies of the existing militia as had not already chosen 
officers should do so forthwith, and where said officers should 
"Judge the limits of the present Regiments too extencive," 
they should divide them and adjust their limits and proceed 
to elect field officers to command the regiments so formed. 
The field officers so appointed were directed to endeavor " to 
enlist one quater at ye least of the Number of the respective 
Companies, and form them into Companies of Fifty privates 
at the least who shall Equip and hold themselves in Readi- 
ness on the shortest notice from the said Committee of Safety 
to March to the place of Rendezvous, and that each and every 
Company so formed Choose a Captain & two Lieutenants to 
Command them on any such Emergent and necessary Service 
as they may be called to by the Committee of Safety aforesaid 



X INTRODUCTION. 



tuul tluit the said Captain & Subalterns so elected form the 
said Companies into Battalions to consist of Nine Com})anies 
each, and that the Cai)tains & subalterns of each Battalion so 
formed proceed to Elect Field Officers to Command the same." 
It was also recommended that the inhabitants of the province 
provide themselves with arms and equipments "and perfect 
themselves in the ^Military skill/' and that, if any were not 
provided with arms and ammunition, according to law, or if 
any town or district were not provided with the full town 
stock of arms and ammunition, according to law, the select- 
men of such town or district were to take effectual care, with- 
out delay, to provide the same. This same resolve of the 
Provincial Congress [jrovided for the purchase by the Com- 
mittee of Safety of cannon, small arms, annuunition and ord- 
nance stores, to the value of £20,837, to be deposited in such 
secure places as the Committee of Safety should direct. 

Tlie minute-men were organized under this resolve, and it 
accounts for the promptness with Avhich they assembled in 
response to the alarm of the 19th of April, 1775. It is a 
notable fact that the rolls for that service are in better form 
and better prepared than any others in the possession of the 
Commonwealth. Of course but a small fraction of those 
credited with service at the time of the Lexington alarm took 
pait in the actual affair of that day, l)ut the minute-men who 
assembled and marclied to Cambridge and Roxbury on that 
alarm formed the nucleus of the first army organized, which 
later, under AVashinglon, laid siege to Boston. 

On the day following the passage of the resolve above men- 
tioned, the Committee of Safety and three general officers 
were appointed, Jedediah Preble, Artemas Ward and Seth 
Pomeroy 1)eing chosen as first, second and third in command 
respectively. 

Oct. 29, 1774, a resolve was passed that an extract from 
the resolves relative to the militia l)e })rinted and a copy 
thereof sent to every town and district in the province, and 
two additional members were appointed on the Committee of 
Safety. 

Under date of Dec. 8, 1774, John Thomas and AVilliam 
Heath were chosen as general officers in addition to those 
previously a])pointed. 



INTRODUCTION. XI 



Dec. 10, 1774, the committee on the state of the province 
reported to the Provincial Congress an address "To the 
Freeholders and other Inhal)itants of the Towns and Districts 
of Massachusetts Bay," which was accepted and ordered to be 
l)rinted in all the Boston newspapers and also in hand bills, 
and a copy thereof sent- to all the towns and districts in the 
province. In this address, after a recital of the grievances 
and oppressions laid upon the people of the province and of 
the necessity of guarding their rights and liberties, the follow- 
ing reference is made to the need of military preparation : 
"The improvement of the Militia in general in the Art 
Military has been therefore thought necessary, & strongly 
recommended by this Congress. We now think that par- 
ticular care should be taken by the Towns and Districts in 
this Colony, that each of the minute men not already pro- 
vided therewith, should ])e immediately equipped with an 
eifective Fire arm, Bayonet, Pouch, Knapsack, Thirty rounds 
of Cartriges and Ball, and that they be disciplined three times 
a week and oftener as opportunity may offer. To encourage 
these our worthy Countrymen to obtain the skill of complete 
soldiers, we recommend it to the Towns & Districts forth- 
with to pay their own minute men a reasonable consideration 
for their services. — And in case of a general Muster, their 
further services must be recompensed by the province. An 
attention to discipline the militia in general is however b}^ 
no means to be neglected." On the same day a resolve was 
passed, directing "That a Gentleman be appointed in each 
County, to apply to the Field Officers of the Regiments within 
the same, for the List of the names of the Field Officers of 
each Regiment, the number of other Officers, and the number 
of the Men therein, as well the minute men as the common 
Militia, and return the same unto Mr. Abraham Watson at 
Cambridge." 

The Second Provincial Congress, on the 9th of February, 
1775, confirmed the powers of the Committee of Safety, re- 
peated the recommendations of the previous congress relative 
to the militia, and appointed Jedediah Preble, Artemas Ward, 
Seth Pomeroy, John Thomas and William Heath, as general 
officers, ranking in the order named, to command the troops 
when called into seiwice. Feb. 14, 1775, another general 



xii INTRODUCTION. 



officer was chosen in the person of John WhitcomI). On 
the same day, a resolve was passed recommending that the 
commandino: officers of each regiment of minute-men, formed 
or to be formed, or of any separate companies, review their 
respective commands, and make return of their numbers and 
equipment to the congress at the beginning of the next ses- 
sion, and the colonels of the militia regiments of the province 
were recommended to do likewise. 

April 5, 1775, the congress passed a resolve embodying 
articles, rules and regulations for the Massachusetts army 
''that may be raised for the defence and Security of our lives, 
liberties and Estates," and on April 8, appointed delegates to 
repair to Connecticut, Rhode Island and Xew Hampshire, to, 
inform them of the determination of Massachusetts to raise 
and establish an army for her security and defence, and to 
request the co-operation of those colonies by furnishing their 
respective quotas for general defence. 

Five days later, April 13, the Committee of Safety was 
authorized to form " six Companies of the Train for the Artil- 
lery alread}' provided by this Colony to immediately enter on 
discipline, and constantly be in readiness to enter the service 
of the Colony when an Army shall be raised ; " and the com- 
mittee were empowered " to draw on the Public Treasury 
for paying said Companies a suitable consideration for their 
services." 

The events of the nineteenth of April brought matters to a 
crisis, and on Sunday, April 23, the Provincial Congress, then 
sitting at Watertown, passed the following resolves : — 

Resolved unanimously that it is necessary for the defence of the 
Colony that an Army of 30,000 Men be immediately raised and 
established. 

Resolved, That 13,000 Men be raised immediately by this Province. 

The Committee of Safety had already, on the 21st of April, 
resolved that an army of 8,000 men be enlisted, but this of 
course was superseded by the action of the Provincial Con- 
gress. 

On the 25th of April, it was moved and passed unanimously 
by the Provincial Congress that the companies in each regi- 



INTRODUCTION. xiii 



ment be reduced from 100 men each to 59 men, including 3 
officers. It was also moved and passed that each regiment be 
reduced to ten of such companies. 

April 2Q, the Committee of Safety resolved that as many 
men out of the minute companies asseml)led as had not already 
enlisted into the army should do so immediately, that the 
quota to be raised from the towns might l)e known as soon as 
possible. And again, on April 29, they voted that orders 
be sent to the jieighboring towns requiring that one-half the 
militia be immediately sent to Roxbury and Cani])ridge and 
the remainder hold themselves in readiness to march at a min- 
ute's warning. This was followed hy a resolve passed l)y the 
Provincial Congress on the 4th of May, providing for granting 
advance pay to soldiers enlisting in the army to be raised, and 
the sum of 20s. was allowed to each private and non-commis- 
sioned officer who should so enlist ; and two days later. Gen. 
John Whitcoml) and Col. Benjamin Lincoln were appointed 
muster masters of the Massachusetts army, to muster and 
swear in all able-bodied and effective men who should enlist, 
and to pay over the advance money to all such as passed mus- 
ter. Later, Col. Asa Whitcomb was appointed to serve as 
muster master in place of Gen. John Whitcomb, who declined 
his appointment. On the same day. May 4, the Committee 
of Safety transmitted a letter to the governor of Connecticut, 
requesting the authorities of that colony to send forward 
three or four thousand men, without delay, in consideration 
of the pressing and urgent need of the colony of Massachu- 
setts. A similar letter was sent to the governor of Rhode 
Island. 

At the sitting of May 8, 1775, the Provincial Congress 
established the form of an oath to be administered to the offi- 
cers and private soldiers of the army ; and, as such obligation 
cannot fail to be of interest, it is sriven herewith : — 



Resolved, That all officers and soldiers of the Massachusetts army 
now raising for the defence and security of the rights and liberties of 
this and our sister colonies in America, shall each and every of them 
excepting only the General Officers, repeat and take the following 
Oath, viz : "I, A. B., swear, I will truly & faithfully serve in the 
Massachusetts army, to which I belong, for the defence and security 



Xiv INTRODUCTION. 



of the estates, lives and liberties of the good people of this & the 
sister colonies in America, in opposition to ministerial tyrany by 
which they are or may be oppressed, and to all other enemies & 
opposers whatsoever ; that I will adhere to the rules & regulations 
of sd army, observe & obey the generals & other officers set over 
me : and disclose and make known to said officers all traiterous con- 
spiraces, attempts and designs whatsoever Avhich I shall know to be 
made against said army or any of the english american colonies, so 
help me God." 



At a later period the form of oath administered on enlist- 
ment was simplified. 

On the same day the foregoing resolve was passed, a com- 
mittee was a})i)ointed with instructions to inquire into the 
state of the army at Roxbury and Cambridge, and if they 
found the numbers thereof reduced, to advise the Committee 
of Safety to send out immediately for reinforcements. In ac- 
cordance with this resolve, it was ordered by the Committee 
of Safety that the commanding officers of the militia of the 
towns of Dorchester, Dedham, Newton, Watertown, Waltham, 
Roxbury, Milton, Braintree, Brookline and Xeedham, imme- 
diately muster half the militia and all the minute-men and 
march them forthwith to Roxbury, to strengthen the camp 
there. This action was followed, on the 10th of May, ])y a 
resolve of the Provincial Congress, directing the general offi- 
cers to call in all soldiers enlisted in the service of the colony, 
and to order all enlisted soldiers and others in camp to remain 
until further orders from the congress. On this latter date, 
also, it was resolved to augment the train of artillery from six 
companies to ten companies. 

The twentieth day of May, 1775, Gen. Artemas Ward was 
sworn and received his commission as commander-in-chief 
and commissions were issued to various colonels and other 
officers, so that the organization of the Massachusetts army, 
as it was called, may be considered as fairly entered upon at 
this date, although a large proportion of the officers and men 
had been continuousl}' in service from their arriva;l in camp 
in response to tlie alarm sent out the li)tli of April and they 
are credited with such service upon the rolls ])reserved among 
the state archives. 



INTRODUCTION. XV 



At a sitting of the Third Provincial Congress, held on the 
3d of June, 1775, a committee was appointed to consider the 
advisability of raising a reinforcement to the Massacliusetts 
army for the protection of the seacoasts. This committee 
reported, on the 7th of the same month, that it was inexpe- 
dient to augment the forces already ordered to be established ; 
but on the 17th of June it was recommended, by resolve, that 
the militia in all parts of the colony hold themselves in readi- 
ness to march at a minute's warning to the relief of any place 
that might be attacked, or to the support of the army, with 
at least twenty cartridges, or rounds of powder and l)all, and 
this recommendation was ordered to be printed and distril)- 
uted throughout the colony. It had already been resolved on 
the 13tli of June that 23 regiments be commissioned, exclusive 
of the regiment of matrosses, and on the 24th of June the con- 
gress ordered that communications be prepared and sent to 
the governments of Connecticut, Rhode Island and Xew Hamp- 
shire, appealing for haste in forwarding their respective quotas 
of reinforcements to the army, stating the dangerous position 
of affairs, the fact that the full number of men ordered to be 
raised was still deficient, and pointing out the urgent neces- 
sity of co-operation. 

The defence of the seacoasts had occupied the attention of 
congress for some time, owing to the constant appeals of the 
inhabitants thereon, and their representations as to their un- 
protected condition. Accordingly, on the 28th of June, 1775, 
resolves were reported to provide forces for their protection. 
Ten companies were ordered to be raised in Essex Co. ; nine 
companies in the counties of Plymouth and Barnstable, four 
to be stationed in Plymouth Co. and the remainder in Barn- 
stable Co. ; two companies in Bristol Co. ; four companies in 
York Co. ; five companies in Cumberland Co. ; three com- 
panies in Lincoln Co. ; and one company to l)e raised in 
Falmouth and stationed on the Elizabeth Islands. These 
companies were to consist of 50 men each, including officers, 
and were to be under the direction of the committees of cor- 
respondence of the respective towns wherein they might be 
stationed, or of a joint committee from the towns on the sea- 
coast in the county wherein they were raised, save those in 
Plymouth, Barnstable and York counties, which were to be 



Xvi INTRODUCTION. 



under the direction of the field officers of the county regiments. 
This \ras purely local service, and no term of enlistment was 
specified in the resolves ; but enlisting orders were issued to 
raise men to serve from the date of their engagement to the 
last day of December, 1775. This special force for seacoast 
defence was renewed from time to time, throughout the war, 
as the terms of service expired. 

On the oth of July, 1775, a resolve was i)assed to jn-ovide 
each of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of the 
army authorized to l)e raised under resolve of April 23, 1775, 
with a coat, and 18,000 were ordered to be provided by the 
towns and districts, in accordance with a regular apportion- 
ment. This gift of a coat was considered in the nature of a 
bounty, and later, at the time of their distribution, the men 
in service were pennitted to choose between acceptance of 
the coat or a sum of money in lieu thereof. Although this 
distri))uti()n of coats was based on the needs of the estimated 
army of lo,600 men authorized to be raised, it is evident that 
nowhere near such a number was actually in service at the 
time of A^"ashington's assuming command of the army, as, in a 
communication addressed by him to the Provincial Congress, 
under date of July i), 1775, he states that the number of men, 
fit for duty, of the forces raised in the province did not 
amount to 9,000, all told, which, with the troops from the 
other colonies present in camp, composed an army of 14,500 
eftective men. He enclosed a copy of the conclusions of a 
council of Avar of the generals of the army, wherein it was 
agreed that the army should consist of at least 22,000 men, 
and advised the immediate filling up of the regiments to their 
intended establishment. Congress responded to this repre- 
sentation of the state of the army by })r()viding for a tempo- 
rary reinforcement, in a resolve passed July 12, 1775, wherein 
the commanding officers of the militia com})anies in the vari- 
ous towns were recommended to send forward men without 
delay, to serve for one month, until the new levies should be 
com})leted. 

The next action of the Provincial Congress toward raising 
troops was on Aug. 7, 1775, when two companies were ordered 
to be raised, for service at the eastward, in the counties of 
Cumberland and Lincoln ; said companies to ])e placed on the 



INTRODUCTION. xvil 



seacoast establishment, and to be stationed in those counties, 
in addition to one company already enlisted. Again, on Au- 
gust 16 and 19, two more companies were authorized to be 
raised on the same establishment, one to be stationed at Ma- 
chias and the other at Gouldsborough and vicinity. 

The Massachusetts army had by this time become merged 
in the continental army and the fact was formally recognized 
by a resolve })assed Aug. 14, 1775, terminating all contracts 
made for victualling the troops by the colony and transferring 
the responsibility of providing supplies to the Continental 
Commissary General. 

The need of augmenting the forces under "Washington by 
this time had manifested itself to the Continental Congress, 
for on Xov. 4, 1775, it was — 

Resolved, That the new army intended to lie before Boston consist 
of 20,372 men, officers included. 

In addition, the resolve provided that, if the necessity of 
the service required it, the general should be empowered to 
call forth the minute-men or militia of the Massachusetts Bay 
or the neighboring colonies ; but this was later amended by 
a resolve that such call should not be made without havinof 
applied to and obtained the consent of the officers in whom 
were vested the executive powers of government. 

It is not to be supposed that an essentially maritime peo- 
ple would be content merely with waging hostilities against a 
powerful enemy on land, and so, on Xov. 1, 1775, an act was 
passed entitled " An Act, for Encouraging the Fixing out of 
Armed Vessells, to defend the Sea Coast of America, and for 
Erecting a Court to Try and Condemn all Vessells, that shall 
be found infesting the same." This act empowered the council, 
or the major part of them, "to commission, with letters of 
marque and reprisal, any person or persons within this colony, 
who shall, at his or their own expence, fix out and equip, for 
the defence of America, any vessell, as also any person who 
shall, by the owner of such vessell, be recommended therefor; 
and that all persons so commissioned, as aforesaid, shall have 
full power, with such other persons as they shall engage to 
their assistance, to sail on the seas, attack, take and bring into 



Xviii INTRODUCTION. 



any port in this colony, all vessells offending or employed by 
the enemy as aforesaid, and also to retake and bring in, as 
aforesaid, any vessell or vessells that may be taken from any 
person or persons l)y said enemy." 

The master or owner of any vessel commissioned was re- 
quired to give bond for the proper discharge of his duties and 
for the observance of the conditions of the act above noted, and 
courts were established for the trial and condemnation of 
prizes. A court was authorized to be held at Plymouth to 
try all cases of vessels taken and brought into the counties 
of Plymouth, Barnstable, Bristol, Dukes County and Xan- 
tucket ; another, to l)e held at Ipswich, to have cognizance of 
all captures brought into Suffolk, Middlesex and Essex coun- 
ties ; and a third, to be held at North Yarmouth, to have cog- 
nizance of all captures brought into York, Cuml^erland and 
Lincoln counties. 

This act was repealed Feb. 14, 1776, when another act, bear- 
ing the same title and of the same general tenor but making 
more specific provisions for the rights of claimants to vessels 
or cargoes condemned, was passed in its stead. Later, on 
'March 19, 1776, the act of Feb. 14, 1776, w^as repealed and 
declared null and void. Another act, amending the original 
act of November, 1775, was passed April 13, 1776, and by this 
act courts for the trial and condemnation of captures were 
authorized to be held, if judged necessary or convenient, at 
Plymouth, Barnstable, Dartmouth, Boston, Salem, Ipswich, 
Newburyport, Falmouth and Pownalborough. Still another 
act in addition to the first act was passed on May 8, 1776, and 
this extended the authority of the courts estal)lished for the 
trial and condemnation of captures, to all vessels and mer- 
chandise belonging to inhaljitants of Great Britain that should 
be "taken on the high seas, or between high- water and low- 
water mark." 

Under the encouragement offered by the above enactments, 
privateering became a popular and lucrative service, and an 
active and harassing warfare was maintained for the whole 
period of the war by the privateers that swarmed from every 
port along the coast. 

As the term of enlistment of the original levies for defence 
of the seacoasts had expired, a resolve was passed Jan. 1, 



INTRODUCTION. xix 



1776, for raising 1,200 men, to serve until Dec. 31, 1776, 
unless sooner discharged, and making full provision for their 
enlistment and esta])lishment and directing the various points 
at which they should be stationed for service. Four addi- 
tional companies were authorized to be raised for similar ser- 
vice at the eastward, on the same establishment, by a resolve 
of Jan. 13, 1776. 

The beginning of a state naval establishment appears Jan. 
11, 1776, when it was proposed that two ships should be built 
at the expense of the colony, one to carry 36 guns and the 
other to carry 32 guns ; l)ut the resolve was ordered to be re- 
committed before its final passage, and the committee were 
directed to report an estimate of the expense of building and 
furnishing said vessels. Nothing more would seem to have 
been done in the matter until Feb. 7, 1776, when a resolve 
was passed for Ixiilding at the public expense ten sloops of war 
of 110 or 115 tens each, and appointing a committee to provide 
materials and employ proper persons to build said vessels and 
appropriating the sum of £10,000 for the purpose. On Feb. 
17, 1776, however, the committee were empowered to suspend 
contracting for more than five vessels of the description given, 
and were authorized to purchase and equip five vessels already 
built of any rig or dimension they might consider suitable. 

On the 19th of January, 1776, a resolve was passed in com- 
pliance with a request from General Washington, authorizing 
the enlistment of a regiment to reinforce the army in Canada ; 
said regiment to be enlisted from the counties of Berkshire 
and Hampshire, to consist of 728 men, including officers, and 
to serve until the first of January, 1777, if required. At a 
later date, viz., Feb. 10, 1776, in order to encourage enlist- 
ments for this service, a bounty of 40s. in lawful money was 
ofiered in place of the two months' advance wages first prom- 
ised. This fact is interesting as being the first direct offer of 
a money bounty for enlistment made in the war. 

This call for troops was followed immediately by a resolve 
of Jan. 20, 1776, intended to meet the application of General 
Washington for a temporary reinforcement to strengthen the 
army investing Boston and maintain the lines and fortifica- 
tions about the town. The colonies of Connecticut and New 
Hampshire had also been applied to for reinforcements and 



XX INTRODUCTION. 



the quota required from Massachusetts was fixed at 4,368 men. 
This quota was apportioned to the various towns and districts 
of the colony hy the resolve and it directed that the com- 
manding officer of each company of militia, in the towns men- 
tioned, should muster his command without delay and cause 
such number of men to enlist voluntarily as was set for each 
town's proportion ; said soldiers to serve, on the continental 
estal)lisliment, from the date of their enlistment to the first 
day of April, 1776. The men enlisted were to be formed into 
companies of 90 men each and were to be assembled into six 
regiments and the same pay and allowances were granted 
them as were allowed to the men who had previously enlisted. 

The need of regulating the militia and making them more 
availa])le, l)oth for local service and for responding to calls or 
drafts for reinforcements to the continental army, by this time 
had become evident, and on Jan. 22, 1776, an act was passsd 
for " Forming and Regulating the Militia within the Colony 
of the Massachusetts Bay, in New England etc.," and repeal- 
ing all former acts made for that purpose. In accordance with 
the provisions thereof, John Hancock, Azor Orne and Benj. 
Lincoln, were chosen as 1st, 2d and 3d major generals, respec- 
tively, of the militia of the colony, under date of Feb. 8, 1776, 
according to the records of the Provincial Congress. Brigadiers 
for the various counties were chosen at the same time, and 
later, Feb. 20, 1776, upon the report of a committee appointed 
to arrange the militia, the number of regiments to each county 
was fixed and established as follows : Suffolk Co., 5 regiments ; 
Essex Co., 8 regiments ; Middlesex Co., 7 regiments ; Hamp- 
shire Co., 6 regiments; Plymouth Co., 4 regiments; Barn- 
stable Co., 4 regiments ; Bristol Co., 4 regiments ; York Co., 
4 regiments ; Dukes Co., 2 regiments ; Worcester Co., 8 regi- 
ments ; Cumberland Co., 4 regiments; Lincoln Co., 6 regi- 
ments; Berkshire Co., 2 regiments. 

Various measures were taken from time to time to insure 
the prompt response of the local militia to requests from the 
general commanding the army for temporary reinforcements, 
l)ut no further calls for trooi)S seem to have been made until 
April it, 1776, when, in conse(pience of the evacuation of 
Boston and the necessity for placing it in a proper state of 
defence, and also because, in the Judgment of the General 



INTRODUCTION. xxi 



Court, the continental forces left and stationed about the town 
were insufficient for such purpose, ei^rht companies, of 90 
men each, were ordered to be raised, to constitute one regi- 
ment and to serve from date of enlistment to Dec. 1, 1776. 
Later, that is, on April ^^^ 1776, a part of the seacoast 
defence forces were ordered to join and co-operate with this 
regiment in service at and about Boston ; and on May 3, 1776, 
a company of artillery was ordered to be raised for the same 
service, but for.a longer term, viz., from enlistment to May 
2, 1777. 

An act was passed May 3, 1776, authorizing a regiment of 
horse to be raised out of the several regiments of foot in the 
county of Worcester, to consist of eight companies of fifty 
able-bodied, eftective men, exclusive of officers ; the same to 
be raised by voluntary enlistments out of the training band or 
alarm list indiscriminately. This regiment was not raised for 
any special service, but to form a component part of the militia 
and to be governed by the laws provided for the regulation 
thereof. 

Again, on May 7, 1776, another regiment, of 728 men, was 
ordered to be raised for the defence of Boston, to serve until 
Dec. 1, 1776, and six more companies of artillery were also 
provided for, to form, with the company previously mentioned, 
an artillery regiment and to serve for one year. Each soldier 
enlisting in these regiments was allowed, in addition to the 
usual sums for pay and travel allowance, a blanket, or 13.s. 4(7. 
in lieu thereof, on passing muster. 

These measures seem to have sufficed for a time for local 
defence and the next call for troops was in response to a 
request from the Continental Congress that Massachusetts 
furnish her quota to reinforce the armies in Canada and Xew 
York. Accordingly, on June 25, 1776, a resolve was passed, 
directing that the necessary number of .5,000 men (3,000 
destined for Canada and 2,000 for service at Xew York) be 
immediately raised from the training band and alarm lists, 
constituting the militia of the colony, in the proportions 
affixed to the various towns mentioned in a schedule embodied 
in the resolve, to serve until the first of December, 1776 ; the 
forces raised in the counties of Suffolk, Essex, Middlesex, 
Hampshire, York and Cumberland, to be destined for Canada, 



Xxii INTRODUCTION, 



and to be formed into four battalions of 750 men each ; while 
those raised in the counties of Plymouth, Bristol, Worcester 
and Berkshire, to be destined for New York, and to be formed 
into three ))attalions of 6(30 men each, as nearly as possible. 
The bounty for the Canada service was fixed at £7, and for 
the New York service at £3 ; the same to be paid to each 
non-commissioned officer and soldier on passing muster. 

On the 25th of June, 1776, another call was made by the 
Continental Congress, this time for an augmentation of the 
forces destined for Canada or the Northern department ; Massa- 
chusetts being requested to furnish at once two regiments or 
1,500 men. It was proposed to forward the number called 
for out of the regiments already in service at and about 
Boston ; but the project was evidently not carried out, for it 
was resolved by the General Court on July 11, 1776, to raise 
two regiments to reinforce the troops destined for Canada, in 
accordance with the requisition of the Continental Congress, 
by a draft of every twenty-fifth man in the training band and 
alai-m lists, exclusive of those already raised or ordered to 
be raised; said regiments to serve until Dec. 1, 1776, unless 
sooner discharged. This was the first actual draft made, and 
it was provided that, if more than the numl^er necessary for 
the two regiments resulted from the draft, they should be 
marched to the works or forts at or near Boston and re- 
main subject to the orders and regulations of the council. 
The resolve also provided for the enforcement of the draft, 
by directing that if the number required was not enlisted 
from any town or plantation without delay and other attempts 
proved ineffectual, a draft should be made on a muster of 
the whole militia of such town or ])lantati()n ; and in case 
any person neglected to attend such muster, it was provided 
he should forfeit and pay a fine of £10 ; and, in case any 
person drafted should neglect or refuse to go upon such ser- 
vice, or neglect to procure an able-1)odied, efi'ective man in 
his stead, it was provided he should forfeit and pay the sum 
of £10; such fines, when imposed, to be })aid within twenty- 
four hours, on penalty of an additional fine of £3. The same 
system of draft and forfeitures was made to apply to those 
towns which were delinquent in furnishing their proportion 
of the 5,000 men needed for New York and Canada. 



INTRODUCTIOX. xxiii 



Another draft soon became necessary, in consequence of the 
critical situation of the continental army at New York ; and 
on Sept. 12, 1776, a resolve was passed for making a draft 
from the militia of every fifth able-bodied man under fifty 
years of age, save certain persons exempted by reason of oc- 
cupation. Certain towns and counties were excepted from 
the provisions of this resolve, owing to their need of local 
security and defence. Penalties and forfeitures were imposed 
by this resolve similar to those quoted previously, with the 
addition of a term of imprisonment, not exceeding two 
months, for refusal to march or procure a substitute by any 
person drafted, upon conviction on an indictment or present- 
ment hy the grand jury of the county wherein said ofilence 
was committed. The troops so raised were to serve until re- 
called by the General Court, but later a term of two months 
was fixed for this service. The destination of one battalion 
was diverted, however, from New York to Rhode Island. 

For the purpose of obtaining prompt and responsible direc- 
tion of all military affairs a Board of War was established by a 
resolve of Oct. 26, 1776, which was to consist of nine persons, 
with power to order and direct the operation of the forces in 
the pay of the state, on land or sea, and provide all necessary 
stores, munitions of war, etc., for the purpose of carrying on 
the war. 

The short terms of service required by drafts and enlist- 
ments, added to the probable deficiencies, notwithstanding the 
penalties imposed, made frequent calls necessary ; and on 
Nov. 14, 1776, was passed "An Act for providing a Rein- 
forcement to the American Army." This act provided that 
one-quarter part of all the al)le-bodied male persons within 
the state, from sixteen years and upward, not in actual mili- 
tary service (with certain exem})tions), either by voluntary 
enlistment, lot or draft, should be appointed and held in read- 
iness to march at a minute's warning, to serve for a term not 
exceeding three months, within and for the defence of any of 
the United States, when called out to reinforce the conti- 
nental army by the General Court, or, in the recess thereof, 
by the council. It was provided, however, that in case the 
persons drafted or enlisting were not called into service l)efore 
March 1, 1777, they should no longer be held under engage- 



Xxiv INTRODUCTION. 



ment. Fines, forfeitures and imprisonment, were imposed by 
this act for failure to comj)ly with its provisions. 

In order to replace the regiments stationed at and al)Out 
Boston, whose terms of service were about expiring, sixteen 
companies were ordered to be raised by a resolve of Dec. 5, 
1776, to be enlisted for the term of three years, unless sooner 
discharged. It was provided that the two regiments so raised 
should be employed in defence of the several posts in and near 
the harbor of Boston, but be obliged to do duty in any other 
part of the state if called upon to do so by the General Court 
or council. 

Both legislature and people had become accustomed to the 
idea of long-term enlistments at this period, as the process of 
engaging men already in the service to enlist for three years 
or during the war, had been going on for some time, and dur- 
ing the last three months of the year 177G the General Court 
had passed various resolves for the encouragement of such 
enlistments. The Continental Congress had pointed out to 
all the colonies the fetal weakness of short-term enlistments 
and had called upon Massachusetts to furnish her quota of 
fifteen battalions to the continental army to serve for the 
longer term. The General Court had responded by agreeing 
to pay 20s. per month and a bounty of £20 to every soldier 
who would so enlist, in addition to the continental pay. 
Another resolve, of Jan. 26, 1777, ordered that the command- 
ing officers of the militia companies and regiments should 
muster their commands and cause to be enlisted, to com})lete 
the fifteen battalions required, a number of men equal to one- 
seventh part of all the male inhal^itants of each town or plan- 
tation, of the age of sixteen years or upward, to serve for 
three years or during the war, and to be in readiness to 
march by the last day of February, 1777. 

This resolve is noteworthy because it exempted none but 
Quakers. 

In response to the urgent application of General Washington, 
that every effort l)e made to raise without delay the regiment 
of artillery assigned as part of the quota of Massachusetts, a 
resolve was passed March 11, 1777, offering a bounty of £20 
to each non-commissioned officer and soldier who should enlist 
for three years or during the war in said regiment. Said 



INTRODUCTION. XXV 



bounty was in the form of treasurer's notes of the denomi- 
nation of £10, payable in four years from their date, witli in- 
terest to be paid annually at the rate of six per cent. This 
was the regular bounty ofi'ered by the state for continental 
enlistments at that time, but on the ground that it was not 
necessary for persons enlisting into an artillery regiment to 
equip themselves, as was the case with those who went into 
the marching regiments, the bounty in this instance was re- 
duced to £15.10. 

The next call for troops, however, was for short-term 
service, as on April 12, 1777, a resolve was passed ordering 
2,000 of the militia to be detached from the various county 
regiments for service at Rhode Island, or elsewhere in Xew 
England, as ordered, and to serve for a period of two months, 
unless sooner discharged. It also became necessary to pro- 
vide anew for the seacoast defence and a resolve of April 
21, 1777, directed several companies of artillery (four full 
companies and six partial detachments) to be raised and sta- 
tioned at various points, to serve until Dec. 31, 1777, and 
replace those whose enlistments had expired. 

The men engaged under this resolve, however, were held 
equally liable with the ordinary militia to drafts for service 
outside of the state. 

It havins: been recommended bv General Washington that 
an effort be made to raise three battalions in addition to the 
fifteen allotted to this state, a resolve was passed April 30, 
1777, offering a bounty of £20 to every non-commissioned 
oflScer and soldier who should enlist into said battalions, pro- 
vided he furnished and equipped himself. In case he was 
unable to comply with this requirement then the bounty paid 
was to be only £15.10. 

The fear lest the enemy should seize upon the important 
post of Ticonderoga before the continental forces being raised 
could proceed thither caused the General Court to pass a re- 
solve on April 30, 1777, directing 1,500 men to be detached 
without delay from the militia of the county of Hampshire to 
march to Ticonderoga and there do duty for the term of two 
months unless sooner discharged. 

Various resolves to compel the towns to furnish their pro- 
portion of the quota of fifteen battalions for the continental 



XXVI INTRODUCTION. 



service, were passed from time to time, but they seem to have 
proved ineffective for the purpose, as on April 30, 1777, a re- 
solve was passed directing that in such towns and plantations 
as should fail to enlist by May 15, 1777, their proportion of 
one-seventh part of the male inhabitants as called for by the 
resolve of Jan. 26, 1777, a draft should l)e made to complete 
the number required. The resolve i)rovided that persons 
drafted should either serve, procure a substitute, or pay a 
fine, l)ut permitted those drafted to choose the term for which 
they should serve, viz., either to Jan. 10, 1778, or for three 
years, or for during the war. The next direct call for troops 
came in the shape of a resolve, dated May 5, 1777, directing 
that two regiments of infantry be raised for the defence and 
security of Boston harbor, to serve for one year from May 1, 
1777. ^ 

An attempt to strike a blow at Great Britain by the way of 
Nova Scotia next engaged the attention of the General Court ; 
and a resolve of June 7, 1777, authorized the raising of a 
regiment of 728 men and a single company of artillery, in the 
eastern counties, to serve for a term not exceeding six months, 
and to proceed upon an expedition to the River St. John's. 
This expedition was to cause a diversion in favor of the 
colonists, by relieving the exposed settlements at the eastward 
from the aggressions of the British forces in that neighbor- 
hood and by arousing and taking advantage of the active aid 
and support of those inhalntants of Nova Scotia who were in 
sympathy with the United States in their struggle for inde- 
pendence. It was even proposed to enlist a regiment in Nova 
Scotia, should the expedition gain a foothold there and the 
resolve provided for such enlistment. But the affair came to 
naught. Certain of the inhabitants of that province did, how- 
ever, enlist and serve to the credit of Massachusetts and their 
service duly appears upon rolls in the state's collection of 
Revolutionary records. 

The peculiarly exposed situation of Rhode Island and the 
necessity of keeping up the Massachusetts contingent of militia 
detached to co-operate with the local forces, caused the pas- 
sage of a resolve on June 24, 1777, for the detachment of 
1,500 men from the militia, apportioned among the brigades 
of the various counties, to serve until Jan. 10, 1778, the term 



INTRODUCTION. xxvii 



of those previously detached to that state expiring July 10, 
1777. A resolve of June 27, 1777, made additional provision 
for this service and directed that two regiments be raised to 
serve for the term of six months from July 1, 1777. 

It became again necessary to order out a portion of the 
militia to reinforce the Xorthern army, and on July 2, 1777, 
it was resolved that the brigadiers of the counties of Berkshire 
and Hampshire should cause to be mustered and marched to 
Fort EdwarcLor Fort Ann, as many of the militia as they could 
get together for the purpose ; said detachments to serv^e until 
the army could be otherwise reinforced. 

Aug. 6, 1777, a resolve was passed directing the Board of 
War either to purchase or build two armed vessels, to mount 
28 or 32 guns each, and tit them out for the service and on 
account of the state. 

The critical position of the American forces after the cap- 
ture of Ticonderoga by the British caused the General Court 
to pass a resolve, on Aug. 9, 1777, directing that one-sixth 
part of the able-bodied men of the training band and alarm 
lists, not engaged in the service, be at once drafted by the 
brigadiers of the several counties mentioned in the resolve, 
and marched without delay to reinforce the army at the north- 
ward and that they be continued in the service until Nov. 30, 
1777, unless sooner discharged. 

The state's proportion of the continental army being still 
mcomplete, owing to the delinquency of many towns and 
plantations, a resolve was passed, dated Aug. 15, 1777, im- 
posing severe penalties on all military officers, selectmen and 
others, who should fail in any way to obey the provisions of 
the resolve, which directed that a number of men equivalent 
to one-seventh part of the male inhabitants of said delincjuent 
towns or plantations be enlisted for three years or during the 
war, or drafted for the term of eight months, in order to fill 
up the deficient regiments. 

A secret expedition, as it was called, which had for its des- 
tination Rhode Island, was projected in September, 1777, and 
a resolve of Sept. 16, 1777, directed that a force of 3,000 men, 
to be made up into four battalions, with one company of artil- 
lery, should be detached from the militia of certain counties, 
to serve for thirty days from Oct. 1, 1777. The governors 



XXviii INTRODUCTION. 



of Rhode Island and Connecticut were to be made acquainted 
with the preparations for the expedition and requested to co- 
operate. 

The need of providing a force for the protection of the set- 
tlements to the eastward of Cumberland Co. caused the pas- 
sage of a resolve on Sept. 16, 1777, directing that 800 men, 
to form three companies, should l)e raised and kept stationed 
at Machias until Dec. 31, 1777, unless sooner discharged. 
Two local companies temporarily in service at Machias were 
also authorized to be enlisted for the same term and ui)on the 
same establishment. The resolve also appointed Col. John 
Allan to command the Indians in the eastern department, and 
he was empowered to take into the service and pay of the 
state such Indians as he should l)e able to procure and should 
consider necessary. 

No further drafts or calls for troops appear until Dec. 13, 
1777, when a resolve was passed, recommending the men of 
the two regiments serving in Rhode Island whose term of en- 
listment was to expire Jan. 1, 1778, to re-engage in the same 
service for twelve months from that date. A bounty of £12 
and the same pay and allowances as were granted to soldiers 
serving in the continental army were offered as inducements. 

Jan. 17, 1778, a resolve wae passed declaring null and void 
the resolve of Aug. 6, 1777, by which the Board of War were 
authorized to build two armed vessels, on the ground that the 
proposed vessels were too large for the purpose intended, and 
they were empowered to j)rocure suitalile materials for two 
vessels to mount 16 or 20 guns each. 

At the request of General Heath, that the General Court 
should furnisli him a detachment of militia to serve as guards 
at and al)out Boston for the greater security of the public 
stores lodged there, a resolve was passed Feb. 7, 1778, direct- 
ing that 400 men be detached from certain regiments to serve 
as guards for the term of three months. 

Another detachment of 500 men from the militia, to serve 
as guards under Major-General Heath at and about Boston, 
was authorized ])y a resolve of March 11, 1778, and an addi- 
tional number of 1,064 men was ordered to be detached for 
the purpose of relieving the guards stationed at Cambridge, 
and to serve from April 2, 1778, to July 2, 1778. 



INTRODUCTION. xxix 



The need of making further provision for seacoast defence 
presented itself and a resolve was passed March 12, 1778, 
authorizing the enlistment of the various companies and de- 
tachments of artillery needed to replace those whose terms of 
service were about to expire. The resolve fixed the number 
of men to be raised for the various places where forces were 
kept stationed, and directed that they should be enlisted to 
serve to Jan. 1, 1779. 

Upon a request of the Continental Congress, that a detach- 
ment of the militia be called out to co-operate with those of 
other states in fortifying and securing the passes of the North 
River, a resolve was passed April 20, 1778, authorizing the 
brigadiers of certain counties to detach from their respective 
brigades a number of men, amounting in all to 1,300, to march 
to Peekskill and serve for the term of eight months from the 
time of their arrival at place of rendezvous. Two hundred 
men were also directed to be detached from the counties of 
Barnstable and Bristol, to serve for the term of eight months, 
as a reinforcement to the troops serving at Rhode Island. 

Another attempt was made by the General Court to bring 
up the quota of the fifteen battalions of the continental army 
to their desired efficiency, by a resolve passed April 20, 1778, 
which directed that all the companies of the county regiments 
be assembled, on or before the 11th of May following, and 
that their officers cause the number assigned to each town as 
requisite to complete the quota, to be raised by draft, lot or 
voluntary enlistment, to serve for the term of nine mouths 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill. The number appor- 
tioned to be raised was 2,000. Very severe penalties were 
laid upon any and all who should neglect or evade compliance 
with the provisions of the resolve, and a fine of £100 for every 
man deficient was to be incurred by any town or plantation 
that had not provided its full assigned number by May 20, 
1778. It was also recommended to the various towns to en- 
deavor to raise volunteers to serve for the term of six months. 

By a resolve of May 1, 1778, gratuities were authorized to 
be paid to all officers and soldiers who had joined the conti- 
nental army for three years or during the war, and who could 
be certified by their commanding officers as having been in 
camp on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; $150 was granted to each 



XXX INTRODUCTION. 



field oflScer, $120 to each captain, subaltern and staft' officer, 
and $100 to each non-commissioned officer and soldier. 
Another resolve of the same date provided that the neces- 
sary funds for these gratuities should be raised by a lottery 
or lotteries. 

The next resolve concerning troops is dated June 12, 1778, 
and it directed that 1,800 men be detached from the brigades 
of militia in the various counties, to serve from the time of 
their enlistment to Jan. 1, 1779 ; the men so detached to be 
forwarded, part to the army at the northward, part to Rhode 
Island, and the remainder to be stationed at various seaport 
towns. The selectmen of the various towns were authorized 
to pay out of the town treasuries £14, as bounty or hire, to 
each man so detached and mustered, and were empowered to 
assess a tax upon the polls and estates of their respective 
towns to replace the money so paid. 

An alarm caused by the prospect of an attack upon Rhode 
Island and the pressing need of immediate reinforcements in 
that quarter, brought about the passage of a resolve on June 
16, 1778, directing that the colonels of certain militia regi- 
ments detach from their respective commands a number of 
men, amounting in all to 554, who were to be forwarded with- 
out delay to General Sullivan's headquarters, and there do 
duty until the forces previously ordered to be raised for ser- 
vice in Rhode Island should be available. The resolve ex- 
pressly provided, however, that the term of service should 
not exceed twenty-one days from the time of arrival at place 
appointed. 

In addition to the forces needed for active service and for 
the seacoast defence, it had been found necessary to provide 
guards for the various public stores and magazines throughout 
the state and for the troops of the convention (Burgoyne's 
army) . As the time for which those engaged in this service 
was about to expire, a special enlistment was authorized for 
the purpose, and on June 18, 1778, a resolve was passed di- 
recting that 1,000 men be detached from the militia, to serve 
as iruards under General Heath, at the various ])laces designated 
by him, from the time of enlistment or detachment to Jan. 1, 
1771), unless sooner discharged. It was provided that any 
person detached for this service who should not within twenty- 



mTRODUCTIOX. xxxi 



four hours pay a fine of £10 or provide an able-bodied, efl'ec- 
tive man to serve in his stead should be considered as a 
soldier in said detachment, and treated as such unless he could 
procure from the selectmen or committee of the town or plan- 
tation to which he belonged a certificate that he was not, in 
their opinion, able to serve in person nor of sufficient circum- 
stances to pay the fine. It was also provided that men enlisted 
or detached should be held and returned for the towns whereof 
they were inhaWtants and no other, and £5 per month, in ad- 
dition to the continental pay, was promised by the state as an 
encouragement to such as would enter the service. 

The possibility of an attack upon the French fleet, then 
lying in Boston harbor, and the consequent danger of the 
town, caused a resolve to be passed on Sept. 17, 1778, direct- 
ing that a number of men, equal to one-third part of the train 
band and alarm list, should be detached from the militia of 
certain of the counties (those of Berkshire, Barnstable, Cum- 
berland and Lincoln counties, with one brigade in Bristol Co. 
and two regiments in Plymouth Co., being excepted) to serve 
at and about Boston, or elsewhere, as directed, until Jan. 1, 
1779. 

At the request of Major-General Gates, who informed the 
General Court that he stood in need of men to gruard the 
works and magazines at Boston and vicinity, a resolve was 
passed Jan. 26, 1779, providing for raising 400 men for the 
purpose, to be formed into four companies and to serve for 
the term of three months. 

Further provision was made for the seacoast defence by a 
resolve of Jan. 29, 1779, which provided for raising the neces- 
sary detachments of artillery to replace those whose terms had 
expired and fixing their term of service to extend to Dec. 31, 
1779. 

An enlistment of a special nature was authorized soon after, 
owing to the representation of General Heath that it was 
necessary and important that a force of guards should be 
regularly maintained at Boston, Rutland and Springfield, in- 
stead of depending upon detachments from the militia from 
time to time. Accordingly, by a resolve passed April 15, 
1779, four companies, of 100 men each, were authorized to 
be enlisted to serve as sruards at and about Boston, and two 



XXxii INTRODUCTION. 



companies, of 50 men each, for similar duty, one to serve at 
Rutland and one at Springfield. Said companies of guards 
were to be enlisted for three months and to be renewed by 
three months' terms until no longer necessary. 

The situation in Rhode Island again called for attention, 
and on April 1(5, 1779, a resolve was passed, authorizing the 
raising of a regiment of Light Infantry, to serve for eleven 
months from May 1, 1779, and directing them to be marched 
as soon as raised to that state, there to do duty until the 
further order of the General Court. 

April 19, 1779, an act was passed empowering the Board of 
War to purchase and tit out two armed vessels, and an appro- 
priation of £50,000, to be raised by a tax levy on the polls 
and estates, real and personal, within the state, was author- 
ized for the })urpose. 

Another resolve providing forces to serve at Rhode Island 
was passed April 27, 1779, when the General Court requested 
the council to detach 500 men from the militia of Suffolk, 
Middlesex, Worcester, Plymouth and Bristol counties, and 
order them to march without loss of time to Rhode Island, to 
serve until July 1, 1779. 

There was no lack of effort on the part of the General 
Court to keep up the state's quota of the continental army 
to its full numl)er and efficiency, but, notwithstanding their 
addresses, appeals and resolutions, it seems to have been con- 
stantly necessary to provide for the enlistment of men for that 
service. Another of the many resolves to accomplish this 
purpose was passed May 1, 1779, which directed that 1,500 
men he enlisted to serve in the continental army during the 
remainder of the war ; and, to encourage enlistments, the state 
offered a ])ounty of $100 in addition to the $200 offered by the 
Continental Congress, said bounty to be paid each man on 
passing muster, and an additional sum of $200 was promised 
at the expiration of six months service. 

The next call was to provide troops for service at Rhode 
Island, in order to keep up the Massachusetts contingent 
called for by the agreement entered into by the New England 
states, July 30, 1777, that troops should be furnished for the 
defence of Rhode Island as long as the enemy maintained a 
force there. Accordingly, a resolve was passed June 8, 1779, 



IXTRODUCTIOX. XXXIU 



directing that 800 .men, or eight companies, shoukl ])e raised 
or detached from the militia of the various counties, according 
to a stated apportionment, to serve from date of enlistment 
or detachment, until Jan. 1, 1780, unless sooner discharged. 
In this resolve it was directed that the selectmen of the various 
towns pay to each non-commissioned officer and private, so 
detached and nuistered, the sum of £30 on passing muster, 
as hire or l)ount3', the same to be recovered into the town 
treasuries by a. tax assessed upon the polls and estates of 
said towns, and all sums so advanced for bounties or hire 
were to be deducted from the next state tax imposed. 

This call was immediately followed by one for a reinforce- 
ment to the continental army, issued in consequence of a 
requisition made by the Continental Congress and embodied 
in a resolve dated June 9, 1779, which directed that 2,000 
men be raised by draft, lot or voluntary enlistment, from the 
militia of the state, each town or plantation furnishing its 
stated proportion, and the men so raised to be engaged for a 
term of nine months from the time of arrival at a place of 
rendezvous . 

The British having effected a lodgment at Penobscot, a 
resolve was passed June 24, 1779, directing the Board of War 
to engage as many private armed vessels as they considered 
suitable, to join with the continental and state armed vessels 
in an expedition to dislodge the enemy. The owners of such 
vessels were promised that all losses and damages incurred 
during the expedition would be made good by the state, and 
the officers and seamen were to receive the same pay and 
allowances as those of the continental navy. 

Provision was made for land forces to co-operate with the 
fleet that was to proceed against Penobscot, in a resolve dated 
June 25, 1779, which directed that the brigadiers of Cumber- 
land and Lincoln counties should each detach 600 men from 
their respective brigades to serve for the term of two months 
from the time of their arrival at Penobscot, unless sooner 
discharged. The resolve also provided that such men as had 
been previously ordered to be raised in the counties above 
named, as part of the state's quota of the continental army, 
should be considered part of the said detachments, and in case 
the expedition was carried into effect, the counties were to 



XXXIV INTRODUCTION. 



be exempted, for the term of nine months, from raising men 
for the regular continental service. 

Another urgent call from the commander-in-chief of the 
continental army for reinforcements caused the passage of a 
resolve on Oct. 9, 1779, directing that 2,000 men, to serve for 
three months, ])e raised from the militia of certain of the coun- 
ties, the number proportioned to each being duly specitied. 

A resolve to provide the necessary guards for seacoast 
defence was passed Dec. 25, 1779, authorizing the number 
required, to be enlisted to serve until Jan. 1, 1781. 

It was again found necessary to increase the naval establish- 
ment of the state, and on March 21, 1780, a resolve was passed 
directing the Board of War to jirocure and fit out two armed 
vessels, to carry from 12 to IG guns each. The sum of 
£100,000 was appropriated for the purpose, to be derived 
from the sale of confiscated estates and the rents of absentees' 
estates, in addition to the proceeds of the sale of one of the 
state vessels already in commission. 

The exposed condition of the eastern parts of the state (what 
is now Maine) and the continual encroachments and depreda- 
tions of the enemy, made it a matter of necessity that an estab- 
lished force for local defence should l)e provided, instead of 
depending upon desultory detachments of the militia as occa- 
sion required, and accordingly a resolve was passed on March 
25, 1780, directing that 600 men, in addition to two companies 
previously raised, should be detached from the militia of York, 
Cumberland and Lincoln counties to serve for the term of eight 
months. It was provided that the men raised should form one 
regiment and be stationed as follows : 100 men at Machias, 200 
at Camden and the remainder at Falmouth. 

Again, on June 5, 1780, another resolve for the purpose of 
supplying reinforcements to the continental army was passed, 
this time directing that 3,964 men be raised by draft, lot or 
voluntary enlistment, from the various towns and plantations, 
according to a stated schedule, to serve for a term of six 
months from time of arrival at a })lace of rendezvous. In this 
resolve it was provided that a fine of £150 should be imposed 
upon any person drafted, if considered of ability to pay it, who 
failed to pass muster or was not able to do eft'ective service, or 
who should neglect to hire an able-l)odied man to serve in his 



INTRODUCTION. XXXV 



stead ; and the fine was to be paid within twenty-four hours 
after being drafted, failing which, it was to be collected by 
levy and warrant of distress on his goods and chattels. It was 
also provided that any able-bodied man who was drafted and 
should fail to pay a fine of £150 for his release from duty, 
within twenty-four hours after notice of draft, should be con- 
sidered as a soldier, to every inteiit and })urpose, for the full 
term of the draft, and be subject to the penalties for desertion 
in case of furthoi' neglect or refusal to perform service. 

An earnest request from General Washington, that in addition 
to the state's regular quota, a reinforcement of militia should 
be furnished him for the approaching campaign, brought about 
the passage of a resolve on June 22, 1780, directing that 4,726 
men (the number called for) should be raised from the militia 
by draft, lot or voluntary enlistment, to serve for three months 
from the time of their arrival at Claverack on the Hudson. 

Another attem})t to supply the deficiency in the state's pro- 
portion of the continental forces was made in a resolve dated 
Dec. 2, 1780, in which, after making a patriotic appeal to the 
people and pointing out the danger and folly of short-term 
enlistments, the General Court directed that there be immedi- 
ately raised out of the militia of the state, by voluntary en- 
listment, 4,240 men, to serve for three years or during the 
war. A bounty of $50 for each man enlisted and passing mus- 
ter was promised to every town or plantation which should fill 
up its quota on or before Jan. 1, 1781, and deliver the men to 
a receiving officer ; and all sums or bounties paid by towns to 
procure men were to be credited to them in the next state tax. 
The inhabitants of towns were also permitted to form them- 
selves into classes for the procuring of men, each class to 
hire or engage one able-bodied man for the service, and the 
same bounty was to be allowed these classes as allowed the 
towns. 

The comparatively unprotected condition of the eastern part 
of the Commonwealth aorain eng'ao'ed the attention of the Gen- 
eral Court, and on March 2, 1781, a resolve was passed that 
the men raised or to be raised for the continental quota, under 
the resolve of Dec. 2, 1780, in the counties of York, Cumber- 
berland and Lincoln, should be detained for service in said 
counties until the pleasure of the Continental Congress and of 



XXXVi INTRODUCTION. 



the commander-in-chief should be known in the matter. The 
governor was also requested to write to General Washington 
and inform liim of the critical position of affairs at the cast- 
ward, and desire him to order that the troops raised should be 
retained for local service. Provision was also made for hiring 
two armed sloops for coast defence, to be employed until Dec. 
1, 1781, upon the regular pay and allowances established for 
vessels in the service of the Commonwealth. 

As the method of procuring soldiers to enlist for the con- 
tinental service hy classes which combined to pay the bounty 
or hire of a soldier, had proven more successful than any 
other means adopted, the General Court resolved on Feb. 26, 
1781, that the selectmen and assessors of all deficient towns 
or plantations should class their inhabitants and such others as 
were liable to pay taxes therein into as many classes as they 
were deficient in their assigned number. It was provided that, 
if any class so formed should neglect to procure, and have ac- 
cepted ])y the designated muster master, a soldier to serve for 
three years or during the war, by March 25, 1781, said class 
should be assessed the average amount of bounty paid to 
soldiers engaging in the continental service, with 25 per cent, 
added ; the sum so assessed to ])e collected in the manner 
authorized for the collection of town taxes. 

The next call was made in consequence of a letter from 
General Kochaml)eau stating the prolxibility of a sudden at- 
tack upon Rhode Island ; and in response thereto, the General 
Court passed a resolve on Feb. 28, 1781, authorizing the gov- 
ernor to issue orders for a body of 1,200 men to be detached 
from various militia regiments for the term of forty days and 
marched without delay to do duty at Rhode Island. It was 
further resolved that the governor might direct any numl)er 
of the militia that he should consider necessary, to hold them- 
selves in readiness to march at a minute's warning, and order 
them to Rhode Island whenever in his judgment it became 
expedient to do so. 

The depredations committed by the vessels of the enemy 
upon the unprotected settlements at the eastward, and the 
continued appeals of the inhal)itants of that section for assist- 
ance and protection, caused the passage of a resolve on March 
2, 1781, ofiering as an inducement to private armed vessels 



INTRODUCTIOX. XXXVii 



that should capture and bring into port, or destroy, any ves- 
sel belonging to the enemy found infesting the sea coasts of 
York, Cumberland and Lincoln counties, or cruising within 
five leagues thereof, bounties as follows : for each cannon 
mounted on such vessel and carrying 2 pound shot, £50 ; for 
each cannon mounted as aforesaid, carrying 3 })ound sliot, 
£60 ; for each cannon mounted as aforesaid, carrying 4 pound 
shot, £70; for each cannon mounted as aforesaid, carrying 6 
pound shot, £80 ; for each cannon mounted as aforesaid, car- 
rying 9 pound shot, £120 ; and for each man taken on board 
such vessel and belonging to the same, who should ])e deliv- 
ered to the commissary of prisoners, the sum of £6. The gov- 
ernor was also requested to write to the admiral of the French 
fleet, desiring him to order one, and if possi])le, two, of the 
frigates under his command, to make a cruise to the eastward, 
and it was resolved that it was expedient that one of the state 
armed vessels should be fitted out for a similar purpose. Ad- 
ditional measures were taken to protect the eastern settlements 
by a resolve passed April 24, 1781, which directed that three 
companies, 240 men in all, should be raised in York, Cumber- 
land and Lincoln counties for local defence, to serve until Dec. 
1, 1781. Two companies were to be disposed and stationed in 
Lincoln Co., and the third at the port of Falmouth. It was 
also resolved that two armed sloops, to mount not less than 
10 nor more than 14 four or six pounders, should be procured, 
by hire or purchase, to serve as Guarda Costas. A later re- 
solve, viz., iNIay 19, 1781, authorized the governor to order 
out one or more companies of the local militia to serve for the 
immediate defence of the parts adjacent to Penobscot sound, 
and provision was made for raising in Lincoln Co, an addi- 
tional company of 70 men, to be stationed where their services 
should be most needed from time td time, and who should l)e 
enlisted to serve for twelve months from May 1, 1781. 

Another call to provide troops for service at Rhode Island 
was made by a resolve dated June 15, 1781, directing that 
500 men be detached from the militia of various counties, to 
serve for the term of five months. A fine of £15 for each man 
deficient was laid upon every town that should neglect to fur- 
nish, within ten days, its proportion of men required under 
this resolve, the fines to 1)e included in the next state tax. 



XXXVlll INTRODUCTION. 



A detachment of the militia to serve as a temporary rein- 
forcement to the continental army, at West Point or else- 
where, was provided for by a resolve passed June 30, 1781, 
which directed the governor to issue orders to the brigadiers 
of the various counties to detach from their brigades the 
number of men apportioned to them by schedule, the men so 
detached to serve for tliree months. The num])er called for 
by the resolve was 2,700 and the governor was authorized 
to form them into four regiments of eight companies each. 
Towns failing to furnish their proportion by July 10, 1781, 
were to be subject to a fine of £20 for each man deficient, the 
same to be assessed upon them in the next state tax ordered. 
The hire or bounty paid by any town to secure men was to be 
credited to them, however, in the same tax. 

Another call, which proved the last one necessary to sup- 
ply the deficienc}^ of the Massachusetts line of the continental 
arm}^ was made l)y a resolve passed March 8, 1782, wherein 
it was directed that 1,500 men be raised to serve for three 
years or during the war, under the usual provisions applying 
to continental enlistments. The assessors, however, of each 
town and plantation were directed to class the inhabitants, 
and every other person liable to pay taxes, in their respective 
towns, into as many classes as there were men to l)e raised by 
the town, "intermixing the poor with the Rich, so as to make 
the Taxable property and Polls in each Class as nearly equal 
as may be ; " and each person in a class was to contribute 
toward the hire of a man by the class, in the exact proportion 
such person was assessed in the previous state tax. Addi- 
tional resolves respecting this call for 1,500 men were passed 
on April 2C) and June 27, 1782, owing to the fact that it was 
not promptly resjionded to, many towns 1)eing delin(iuent in 
furnishing their proportion of men called for, and tlie time was 
extended for complying with its requirements until rTuly 15, 
1782 ; but no further call for troops for continental service 
ap})ears to have l)een necessary, — at least, no more appear 
among the records up to the declaration of peace. 

A resolve providing for seacoast defence was passed July G, 
1782, when various small detachments of artillery, to be sta- 
tioned at Falmouth, Cape Eliza])eth, Phim Island, Gloucester, 
Beverly, Salem, Mailtlclicad, Dartmouth and Plymouth, were 



IXTRODUCTION. XXxix 



authorized to be raised and to be maintained as Ions: as the 
governor, witli advice of council, should deem necessary for 
the advantage and safety of the Commonwealth. 

A communication from General AVashington, pointing out the 
possible danger of an attack upon Boston, caused the General 
Court to pass a resolve on Sept. 20, 1782, requesting the 
governor to issue orders to the militia of certain of the coun- 
ties to hold themselves in readiness to march at a minute's 
warning to such- places as might be designated, and also desir- 
ing him to see that the forts and garrisons in and al)out the 
harbor of Boston should he properly strengthened and manned. 
He was also authorized, if necessary, to order any of the 
militia to march to anv of the neiofhborinor states and there do 
duty for a term not exceeding one month. 

At various times throughout the war the council, and the 
governor as well, drafted or detached portions of the militia to 
serve for short periods for local defence or at Rhode Island on 
alarms, but the acts and resolves herein enumerated cover all 
the really important measures taken to raise or enlist men. 



Massachusetts Soldiers and Sailors 

IN THE 

War of the Revolution. 



Note. — All names are given exactly as they appear on the original records. The order of 
arrangement of the facts of service in each individual record given is the same, as nearly as pos- 
sible, as the original entries, and is as follows: The name; the place of residence, if given; the 
rank; the kind of document whereon the record appears; the enlistment and discharge, if 
given; the time of service; remarks. 

A discrepancy will sometimes be noted between the service given and the actual service as 
figured between the dates of enlistment and discharge. The difference is accounted for by the 
practice of including, with service performed, a time allowance for travel on the basis of one 
day for every 20 miles out or home. As the same name may appear under various forms, each 
carrying some portion of a record of service, it is necessary in order to obtain the complete 
record, as far as preserved, of any given individual, to examine all the forms under which 
B name is stated to appear in the Record Index. 



AACHER, James. Corporal, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted July 31, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days. 
Roll dated Petersham. 

Aadams, Thomas. Private, list of men in Capt. John Walton's co. who went to 
Noddle's Island, Dec. 9, 1776; enlisted in Col. Dyke's regt., Dec. 18, [1776]. 

Aaldrich, Jesse. Corporal, Lieut. John Trask's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 26, 1777 ; discharged April 10, 1777 ; service, 44 days ; marched to 
Ticonderoga. 

Aallex, Wallet. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co., Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for June, 1778; enlistment, during war. 

Aames, David, HoUis, N. H. Private, Capt. Dow's co., Col. Prescott's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days. 

Aamos, John. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbel's co., Col. Rossiter's (3d Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 18, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 21, 1780 ; service, 4 days. 

Aanderson, William. Private, Capt. William Brakenridge's co , Col. Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 29, 1777; service, 
26 days, under command of Col. Seth Warner at Manchester. 

Aaron, . [This name also appears under the form of Arron.] 

Aaron, Benedict. Private, Capt. Thomas Cole's co., Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Aaron, Francis. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted May 11, 
1781 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days ; reported deserted Aug. 30, 1781. 

Aaron, Joseph, Private, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(3d Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 17, 1776; ser- 
vice, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 



2 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Aaron, Joseph, Grafton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from "Worcester Co. for the 
term of 9 montlis from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; Capt. 
AVarren's co., Col. Cushing's (0th) regt. ; age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com- 
plexion, Tndian. 

Aashmer, . List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderl.v Book, dated Headquarters, 

Ticonderoga, Sept. o, 1776; served in Col. Maxwell's regt. with rank of 2d Lieu- 
tenant ; reported deceased. 

Abaaiiam, Wood, Marblehead. Descriptive list, dated May 27, 1780, of the officers 
and crew of the ship "Rambler," commanded by Capt. Benjamin Lovett; age, 
15 yrs. ; stature, 4 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light. 

Abankson, . List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 

Ticonderoga, Sept. 5, 1776 ; served in Col. Maxwell's regt. with rank of Ensign 
vice Lieut. Kendry promoted. 

Abat, Peter. Private, Capt. Eleazar Craljtree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 177') ; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 days; stationed at Frenchman's Baj-. 

Abbe, Aaron, Hopkinton. Lieutenant, Capt. John Homes's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, 2d 
Lieutenant, Capt. James Mellcn's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; nmster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, Lieu- 
tenant, company return [probably Oct , 1775]. 

Abbe, David. Private, Capt. Phinehas Smith's co., Col. Porter's regt., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 daj'S. 

Abbe, John, Westmhisteryork {sic). Private, Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Whitcomb's 
regt. ; return dated Camp at Cambridge, June 18, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days; also, receipt dated 
Prospect Hill, Oct. 4, 1775, for wages for Aug., 1775. 

Abbe, John. Private, Capt. T. Mellen's co., Col. A. Perry's regt.; enlisted July 28, 
17S0; discharged Aug. 10, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Abbe, John. Private, Capt. Jolm Spoor's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
company raised for 3 months to reinforce Continental Ai-my. 

Abbe, Thomas, Holliston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield, July 7, 1780; 
marched to camp, July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix. 

Abbee, David. Corporal, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
service, 10 days, between Dec. 4, 1778, and Jan. 4, 1779. 

Abbee, James, Holliston. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Cami) Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Abbee, John, Putney. Private, Capt. Abijah Moore's co., which marched April 23, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Abbet, Gideon. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 5, 1780 ; discliarged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point ; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbet, Henky, Brimfield. Private, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin 
Smith 8 (6th) regt. ; return for clotliing from Jan. 1, 1781, to Aug. 31, 1781 ; also, 
muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, 
dated Camp Bald Hill ; also, muster roll for April, 1782 ; enlistment, during war. 



IX THE ^VAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 



Abbet, John, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Baker's co., Col. Hutchinson's regt.; in 

service 1776 ; enlistment, 12 months ; reported deserted. 
Abbet, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Healy's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light Infantry) 

regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 6 days, 

on an alarm at Rhode Island. 
Abbet, Joshua. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Grant's co., Col. Storer's regt.; enlisted 

Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos. 3 days, with Northern 

army; discharged at Queman's Heights. 
Abbet, Nathax. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 

regt. ; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776; discharged March 18, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days. 

Roll dated Morristown. 

Abbet, Nathax. Private, Capt. Noah Lankton's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 30 days; 
marched to Stillwater. 

Abbet, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Winthrop Baston's co. ; enlisted Feb. 1, . 

[Company known to have been raised in Feb., 1776, for 2 months service before 
Boston.] 

Abbet, Samuel, South Hadley. Private, Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co.. Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt.; receipt dated Camljridge, June 24, 1775; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Abbet, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Storer's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
14, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 2 mos. 25 da}"s, with Northern army; 
discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Abbet, William. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cowdry's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged July 16, 1778; service, 17 days, with guards at 
Winter Hill. 

Abbets, Ichabod. Sergeant, Capt. Ichabod Pinkham's co. ; enlisted March 24, 1780; 
discharged April 24, 1780; service, 1 mo.; stationed at Boothbay. 

Abbett, Henry. Private, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan., Feb., March, April and May, 1781, dated West 
Point; reported on command at the Lines in Jan., and at Verplanck's Point in 
Feb., March and April; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated High- 
lands ; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781, Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated New Boston ; 
reported on duty as blacksmith in Jan. and Feb. ; enlistment, during war ; reported 
transferred to 8th co., March 9, 1783. 

Abbett, Isaac. Private, Capt. Timothy Ruggles's co. ; enlisted Dec. 26, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 26, 1781 ; service, 12 mos., with guards at Rutland. 

Abbett, Johx. Private, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 12, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 12, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Abbett, Saaiuel, Sunderland. Private, Capt. Leonard's co.. Col. Woodbridge's (25th) 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Abbey, . [This name also appears under the form of Abee, Abey, Abbe, Abbee, 

Abby, Albee.] 

Abbet, Aarox. Ensign, Capt. James Millan's co., Col. Artemas Ward's (Worcester 
Co.) regt. ; [probably commissioned 1775] . 

Abbey, Elisha. List of men who delivered firelocks ; dated Jan. 16, 1776. [Name 
appears crossed out on list.] 

Abbit, Aarox. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 9, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 15 days, at 
Penobscot. 



4 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbit, Abiel. Trivate, Capt. William Coole}''s co., Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 22, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. 3 days. Roll dated 
North Castle. 

Abbit. Abijah, Framingham. Private, Capt. A. Gardner's co.. Col Brooks's regt. 
Return dated 1776. 

Abbit, Henry. Capt. Joseph Thompson's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Abbit, Henry. Private, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt. ; muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1782 ; enlistment, during war. 

Abbit, Joke, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcorab's regt. ; 
enlisted April 27, 1777 ; discharged June 27, 1777 ; ser\ice, 2 mos. 9 days ; marched 
to Providence, R. I. 

Abbit, Nath. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Jan. 17, 1780 ; discharged Aug. — , 1780 ; service, 7 mos. — days. 

Abbit, William, Woburn. Private, Capt. Samuel Belknap's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 16 days ; reported as serving 
until formation of army. 

Abbitt, Henry. Private, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt.; muster roll for March, 1782, dated (Hutts) New Boston; reported 
on duty as blacksmith; also, muster rolls for May, June, July, Dec, 1782, and 
Jan., 1783 ; enlistment, during war. 

Abbitt, Nathaniel, Casco Bay (Falmouth). Corporal, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. 
Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 4, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, order dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1779; also. Sergeant, Capt. 
Benj. Walcott's co. ; muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, dated West Point; 
reported on furlough Jan. 31, 1779, for 50 days; also, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. 
Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1 to 
Jan. 4, 1780. 

Abbot, . [This name also appears under the form of Abat, Abebt, Abett, Abot, 

Abott, Aboot, About, Abbet, Abbett, Abbets, Abbit, Abbitt, Abbote, Abbott, 
Abbots, Abbotts, Abbt, Allot.] 

Abbot, , Ipswich (W. Parish). Corporal, Capt. Abram How's co., which marched 

on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Abbot, . Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co. ; return dated Cambridge, June 

19, 1775 ; service in battle at Charlestown ; reported wounded. 

Abbot, . Captain, Col. Cogswell's regt.; service, 2 mos. 10 days [probably 1776]. 

Abbot, Aaron, Greenwich. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days. 

Abbot, Aaron, York. Private, Capt. Nowell's co., Col. Scammon's regt.; company 
return [probably Aug., 1775] ; reported enlisted May 3, 1775. 

Abbot, Aaron. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

Abbot, Aaron. Private, Capt. Thomas Bragdon's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt.; 
enlisted April 29, 1780; discharged Dec. 26, 1780; service, 8 mos. 2 days, under 
command of Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Abbot, Abel. Drummer, Capt. Perez Cushing's co.. Col. Craft's (Artillery) regt.; 
from Nov. I to Dec. 31, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. [See Abiel Abbot.] 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 



Abbot, Abial. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for 
gun and blanket, by resolve of Nov. 27, 1776 ; also, muster rolls for Jan. and 
Feb., 1777; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777. 

Abbot, Abiel, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John Presc-ott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 13 days. 

Abbot, Abiel. Drummer, Capt. Perez Cnshing's (7th) co., Col. Thomas Craft's 
(.Artillery) regt.; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1777; service, 1 mo. 5 days; also, list 
of men who refused to leave Boston, dated Boston, Sept. 22, 1777 ; also, list of 
men asking release of sergeants, dated Camp at Boston, Sept. 2.'j, 1777; also, 
muster and pay rolls, from Aug. 1, 1777, to Oct. 31, 1778. 

Abbot, Abiel. Private, Capt. Enoch Shepard's co., Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, in Northern 
department. 

Abbot, Abiel. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; service, 
2 mos. 13 days, between April 2 and July 2, 1778, with guards at Cambridge. 

Abbot, Abiel. Private, Capt. Samuel Heald's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light Infantry) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 16, 1779; service, 2 mos. 4 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Abbot, Abiel. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbot, Abijah, Framingham. Petition dated Camp at Cambridge, June 5, 1775, 
signed by himself and others in Capt. Thomas Drury's co.. Col. Nixon's regt., 
who were changed to Col. Gardner's regt., asking to be returned to Col. Nixon's 
regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Drury's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return 
dated Winter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775. 

Abbot, Abijah. Private, Capt. John Gleason's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; re- 
turn dated North Kingston, June 26, 1777. 

Abbot, Abraham, Framingham (also given New Ipswich). Private, Capt. Thomas 
Drury's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Winter Hill, 
Sept. 30, 1775. 

Abbot, Asios. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light Infan- 
try) regt.; pay abstract for month of Nov., 1779; service, 29 days; discharged 
Nov. 30, 1779. 

Abbot, Amos. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 2 days. Roll 
dated Camp at AVinter Hill. 

Abbot, Amos. Private, Capt. Moses Barns's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Peirce's regt.; 
enlisted May 29, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

Abbot, Amos. Private, Capt. Thomas Brintnal's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 31, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 5 days, at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbot, Asa, Andover. Private, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co.. Col. William Jones's 
regt. ; service, 2 days ; roll dated New Castle, Sept. 15, 1777 ; service in retaking 
mast-ship " Gruell " and guarding same. 



G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbot, Benjamin, Andover. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Samnel Johnson's co., Essex Co. re^t., dated Feb. 17, 1778; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1780 ; joined Capt. Farnum's co., Col. Francis's rest. ; also. Private, 
Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay aljstract for 48 
days rations from Feb. 20, 1777, to time of arrival at Benninjrton ; enlisted Feb. 20, 
1777; also, Capt. Abbott's CO., Col. Tapper's re;,'t. ; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Feb. 20, 1777, to Nov. 5, 1778; reported died Nov. 5, 
1778. 

Abbot, Benjamin, Andover. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Andover 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 2G, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 1.'), 1780; service, 6 mos. 1 day; also, list of men raised for the 6 
months service ana returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in 
a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Abbot, Benjamin, Jr., Andover. Drummer, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days ; also, receipt for 
advance pay, dated Camp at Cambridge, June 22, 177"); also, Capt. William Per- 
ley's CO., Col. Frye's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1775 ; 
•service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, company return [probaljly Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 14, 1775 ; 
also, return of men enlisted into the Continental Army from Capt. Samuel John- 
son's (1st Andover) co., Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; enlistment to expire 
Jan. 1, 1780; joined Capt. Farnum's co., Col Francis's regt.; also, pay abstract 
of Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt., for 48 days rations 
from Feb. 20, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington ; also. Drummer, Capt. 
Abbott's CO., Col. Tupper'sregt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Feb. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point ; 
also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men from Andover; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
6 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, husbandman ; enlisted April 19, 
1779; joined Capt. Stephen Abbott's co., 10th regt.; enlistment, during war; 
enlisted l)y Lieut. Libln' at West Point ; also, muster and pay roll. Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's (10th) regt. ; service, 5 mos. , roll made up from Jan. 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 
1783. 

Abbot, Bixbt, Andover. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co., Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, return 
of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775 ; also, company return dated Oct. 
6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Nov. 14, 1775. 

Abbot, Caleb, Andover. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co.. Col. James Frye's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, return of men 
in camp at Caml)ridge, May 17, 1775 ; also, list of men returned as serving on main 
guard, under Lieut. Col. L. Baldwin, June 22, 1775; also, company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cam- 
bridge, Nov. 14, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into the Continental Army 
from Capt. John Abbot, Jr.'s (2d) co., Essex Co. regt., dated Andover, Feb. 
16, 1778; enlistment, 3 years; joined Capt. Fox's co.. Col. Henley's regt. 

Abbot, Cato, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. William H. Ballard's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
Continental Army paj- accounts for service from Marcii 2(>, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
enlistment, 3 years; reported transferred to Capt. Day's co., Oct. 31 [?] ; also, 
muster roll of Capt. Luke Day's co., for March and April, 1779, dated Cherry 
Valley. 

Abbot, Daniel. Capt. John Ford's co., Col. Rol)inson's regt.; receipt for wages from 
Feb. 5 to April 1, 177G, dated Chelmsford 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 



Abbot, Daxiei., Berwick. Private, Capt. Hubbard's co.. Col. Scammon's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 177.T ; enlisted May 8, 177.5 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; also, cora- 
panj' return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Dec. 21, 177.5 ; also, Capt. Goodwin's co.. Col. Wijiglesworth's 
regt. ; discharged Nov. 30, 1776, at Albany ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted 
from York Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 20, 1778 ; Capt. Praj^'s co., 2d regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com- 
plexion, brown. 

Abbot, Daniel, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June .5, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, o ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield Oct. 4, 1780; marched 
to camp Oct. 26, ■1780, under command of Lieut. Carj' ; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Haverhill for service in Continental Army during 
1780 ; marched Sept. 26, 1780 ; discharged April 3, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 20 
days. 

Abbot, Daniel, Amherst. Descriptive list of men belonging to Hampshire Co. ; age, 
16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; 
enlisted April 17, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Abbot, Darious, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1^ da.ys. 

Abbot, David, Andover. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co., Col. "William Turner's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 11, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 11, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days, 
at Rhode Island ; 5 months levies. 

Abbot, Ebenezer, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Asa "VVTiit- 
comb's regt- ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
5 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Abbot, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
30, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days. 

Abbot, Ebenezer, Andover. Private, Capt. Jonathan Foster's co., Col. Nathaniel 
AVade's regt.; enlisted July 1, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; stationed at 
Middletown, R. I. 

Abbot, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 7 days, at Rhode 
Island; also, muster rolls dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17 and Oct. 14, 1778, and 
North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778. 

Abbot, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. William Green's co., Col. Cyprian How's regt. ; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 7 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbot, Eli. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Goodale's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 3, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 23 days; marched to join 
Northern army. 

Abbot, Eli. Corporal, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 27, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at 
Claverack. 

Abbot, Ephraim, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Ephraiji. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. 
Roll sworn to at Andover. 



8 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbot, Ephraim, Andover. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the 
term of 9 montlis from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 20, 1778; Capt. 
Abbot's CO. [also given as Capt. Holt's co.], Col. Samuel Jolinson's (4th Essex 
CO.) reirt. ; aire, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; also, Private, 
Capt. Stephen Abbot's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's (ir)th) i-egt. ; muster roll for 
March, 1779, dated West Point; enlisted June 19, 177H; discharged March 19, 
1779; service, 9 mos. 

Abbot, Ephraim. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbot, George, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Nutting's co., Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Camliridge, Oct. 2, 1775. 

Abbot, George, Ipswich (W. Parish). Private, Capt. Abraham How's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 daj'S. 

Abbot, George. Private, Capt. Thomas Poor's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; return 
of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 

Abbot, George, Andover. Private, Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; company return dated Cambridge, Oct. fi, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Abbot, George, Rowley. Private, Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt ; 
company return [probably Oct , 1775] ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; age, 22 yrs. ; also, 
order for l)Ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775. 

Abbot, George. Quartermaster, Lieut. Col. William Bond's (37th) regt. ; list of officers 
recommended l)y Council to Gen. Washington for commissions, dated Camp 
Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Abbot, George, Billerica. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
wa3', Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised liy the town of Billerica 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marclied June 29, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 9, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 22 days. 

Abbot, Henrt, Andover. Captain of company which marched on tlie alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, IJ days. 

Abbot, Henry, Brirafield. Private, Capt. Joseph Thompson's co., Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16^ 
days ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 29, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
10 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Too- 
good's (5th) CO., Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army ])ay accounts for service 
from April 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated Camp 
near Peekskill ; reported deserted April 12, 1778 ; returned May 14, 1778 ; also, 
muster roll for May, 1779, dated Highlands ; also, Cai)t. Benjamin Heywood's 
CO., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; return of wages, etc., for the year 
1781 ; also, muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1782; also, return of wages, etc., for 
the year 1782. 

Abbot, Isaac, Andover. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, return 
of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775; also, company return dated Oct. 
6, 1775. 

Abbot, Isaac. Private, Capt. Joseph Livermore's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1779; dis- 
charged Oct. 4, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days, with guards at Rutland ; enlistment, 
3 months. Roll dated Spencer. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 



Abbot, Isaac. Private, Capt. Thomas Whipple's co. ; enlisted April 20, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 20, 1780; service, 8 mos. 1 day, with guards at Rutland. 

Abbot, Isaac, Jr., Fryeburg. Private, Capt Stephen Farrington's co. ; enlisted Aug. 
4, 1781 ; discharged .\ug. 8, 1781 ; service, o days, on expedition sent by town of 
Fryeburg to the relief of inhabitants on Androscoggin River; also, Corporal, 
Lieut. Stephen Farrington's co. ; enlisted July 26, 1782; discharged Nov. 22, 
1782; service, 3 mos. 27 days; company made up for defence of York and Cum- 
berland counties and stationed at Sudbur.y-Canada. 

Abbot, Jacob. Private, Capt. Daniel Bowker's co., Col. AVebb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
18, 1781 ; discharged Xov. 30, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Abbot, James, Bradford. Private, Capt. John Savory's co. ; enlisted Nov. 30, 1775; 
discharged Dec. 4, 1775; service, 5 days; detachment from 2d Foot co. in Brad- 
ford which marched for defence of Cape Ann. 

Abbot, James, Berwick. Descriptive list of men enlisted from York Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 16, 1778 [also given 
June 4, 1778] ; Capt. Hodden's [Hodgdon's] co., 2d regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, brown. 

Abbot, James, Woolwich. Private, Capt. John Wiley's co , Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; credited to Ipswich. 

Abbot, James, Dracut. Surgeon's mate. Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt. ; list of officers 
appointed In- field officers and returned by Brig. Oliver Prescott, dated Groton, 
Dec. 5, 1776; regiment ordered to march to Fairfield, Conn., on or before Dec. 
16, 1776. 

Abbot, James. Private, Capt. Timothy Eaton's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga to Haverhill, in 1776. 

Abbot, Jeduthax, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 1^ days ; also, Capt. Samuel 
Johnson's co , Col. Johnson's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 
1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. 

Abbot, Jeremiah, Salem. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; ser^-ice, 5 mos. 8 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at East Greenwich, R. I. 

Abbot, Job, Conway. Capt. Pettengill's co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Brookline, July 15, 1775 ; also, Private, Capt. 
John Baker, Jr.'s, co , Col. Gerrish's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
July 1, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day ; also, Capt. Joseph Pettengill's co.. Col. Loammi 
Bald\vin's regt. ; company returns dated Sewall's Point, Sept. 27 and Oct. 30, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej-, dated Sewall's Point, 
Nov. 19, 1775 ; also, pay abstracts for Feb., April, May and June, 1776, dated 
New York. 

Abbot, John, Andover. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Henry Abl)ott"s co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Johx, Andover. Private, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 2^ days. 

Abbot, Johx, Westford. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Oliver Bates's co.. Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; sen-ice, 5 days. 

Abbot, John, Berwick. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Sullivan's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
3 davs. 



10 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbot, Jojix, Andover. Captain of a company which marched into Roxbury Camp 
and joined Col. Samuel H. Parsons's rest , Dec. 10, 1775; also, Captain, 11th co., 
Col. Tarsons's (4th Essex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
Feb. 21, 1776. 

Abbot, John. Captain, Col. Jonathan Coicswell, Jr.'s, reiit.. Brig. Gen. Farley's 
brigade; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Ipswich, Sept. 30, 1776; regiment 
drafted from training band and alarm list of 4th Essex Co. regt. and ordered 
to march to Horse Neck. 

Abbot, John. Captain, Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged Nov. 
6, 1777; service, I mo. 8 days. 

Abbot, John. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co , Maj. Gage's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 30, 
1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days. 

Abbot, John, Bedford. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 9, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days, at Rhode 
Island ; roll dated Warwick Neck ; also, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Reed's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 41 days ; marched 
to reinforce Northern army; also, Capt. Farmer's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 20, 1778; discharged May 20, 1778; service, 3 mos., with guards at 
Bunker Hill ; also, Capt. William Tucker's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 23 days. Including time to 
return home. 

Abbot, John. Private, Capt. Enoch Shepard's co , Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; reported left camp without leave Oct. 4, 1777; service, 14 days, 
in Northern department; marched to Saratoga. 

Abbot, John, Woolwich. List of men mustered in Lincoln Co. from Col. McCobb's 
(1st) regt , to march to Providence, R. I., to reinforce Col. AVade's and Col. 
Jacobs's regts. ; returned bj' Brig. Charles Gushing, Aug. 20, 1778. 

Abbot, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 5, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 9 days, at Rhode 
Island; also, muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich and 
Warwick. 

Abbot, John. Captain, Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 29, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Oct. 11, 1780; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at West Point; enlistment, 
3 months. 

Abbot, John. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Hubbard's (3d) co.. Col. Samuel Denny's 
(1st Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned March 
5, 1779; also, resignation dated Holden, March 3, 1780; accepted by Council, 
March 13, 1780. 

Abbot, John, Holden. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 2."), 1780; also, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., 6th regt.; paj' I'oU for 
6 months men raised by the town of Holden for service in Continental Army dur- 
ing 1780 ; marched July 9, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 12, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 12 days ; 
also, order for wages dated West Point, Jan. 12, 1781. 

Abbot, John, Jr., Andover. Captain, 6th co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's (4th Essex Co.) 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 3, 1776. 

Abbot, John Lovkjov, Andover. Private, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Jonath.^n, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1^ days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 11 

Abbot, Jonathan, Andover. Ensign, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched oa the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Camlmdge ; service, 1^ days'; also, 2d Lieutenant, 
Capt. Joshua Holt's (Hth) co.. Col. Samuel Jolinson's (4th Essex Co.) regt. ; list 
of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 3, 1776 ; also, Capt. John Abbot's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s, regt.. Brig. Gen. Farley's brigade; list of 
officers of Mass. militia dated Ipswich, Sept. 30, 1776; company drafted from 
training band and alarm list of the 4th Essex Co. regt. and ordered to marcli to 
Horse Neck ; also. Captain, Uth co., 4th Essex Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned Oct. 7, 1779. 

Abbot, Joseph, "Wilton, N. H. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Wood's co., Col. Paul Dud- 
ley Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 25, 1775; ser- 
vice, 7 days ; alsa, company return [probably Oct , 1775] ; reported on furlough. 

Abbot, Joseph, Lincoln. Corporal, Capt. William Smith's co.. Col. Abijah Tierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 25 days; also. Ser- 
geant, Capt. John Hartwell's CO., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; service, 5 days; 
company called out March 4, 1776, to fortify Dorchester Heights. 

Abbot, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co. ; pay abstract for service prior to 
April, 1776. 

Abbot, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
service, 2 mos. 13 days, between April 2, 1778, and July 2, 1778, at Cambridge. 

Abbot, Joseph. Private, Capt. John "Williams's co.. Col. Joseph "S'ose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781 ; discharged March 1, 1781. 

Abbot, Joseph, Berwick. Private, Capt. Daniel Wheelwright's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; return for the time between date of enlistment and date of 
marching, viz., Aprd 26, 1777; also, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 25, 1777, to March 
30, 1779; reported deserted March 30, 1779. 

Abbot, Joseph, Berwick. Desciiptive list of enlisted men ; joined Capt. Thomas Fran- 
cis's CO., 11th regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; hair, 
dark; enlisted April, 1779; enlistment, during war; reported deserted Jan., 1780. 

Abbot, Joshua. Sergeant, Capt. John Morgan's co.; enlisted Dec. 29, 1777 ; discharged 
July 1, 1778; service, 6 mos. 2 days; company detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties to guard stores, etc., at Springfield and Brookfield. 

Abbot, Joshua, Rowley. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) 
regt. ; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Rowley for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780 ; marched Aug. 15, 1780 ; discharged Feb. 19, 1781 ; 
service, 6 mos. 17 days; also, muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; 
reported on command with Quartermaster General. 

Abbot, Josiah. 4th Sergeant, Capt. John Abbot's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbot, Josiah. Ensign, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (2d) regt. ; muster roll of field 
and staff officers dated July 11, 1783. 

Abbot, Jotham. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
30, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 6, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 da.vs. 

Abbot, Moses, Andover. Clerk, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Moses. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's regt. ; 
discharged Sept. 19, 1777 ; service, 16 days, on three alarms at Machias. 



12 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbot, Moses, Andover. Ist Lieutenant, Capt. John Abbot's (6th) co., Col. Samuel 
Johnson's {4th Essex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
April 3, 1776. 

Abbot, Moses. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Dec. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; marched to 
Claverack. Roll dated Billerica. 

Abbot, Moses. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th Lin- 
coln Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 29, 1780 ; discharged Nov. 17, 1780 ; service, 19 days ; 
company ordered out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's 
Bay. 

Abbot, Nathan, Andover. Private, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., wliicli marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Nathan. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; return 

of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 
Abbot, Nathan, Andover. Corporal, Capt. John Peabody's co.. Col. Ebenezer 

Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc. Roll sworn to Nov. 

29, 1776. 
Abbot, Nathan. Private, Capt. Eli Parker's co., Col. Leonard's (Hampshire Co.) 

regt.; enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 16, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days; 

marched to reinforce Continental Army at Ticonderoga. 

Abbot, Nathan. Private, Capt. Abner Pomeroy's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 7 mos. 27 days ; enlistment, 8 months ; marched to New York State ; also, 
muster rolls from June, 1778, to Feb., 1779. 

Abbot, Nathan. Private, Capt. Solomon Jackson's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men, dated Oct. 13, 1781. 

Abbot, Nathan, Jr , Andover. Private, Capt. Henry Abbot's co., which marched on 

the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1^ days. 
Abbot, Nathaniel. Capt. John Baker's co., Col. Moses Little's regt. ; order for bounty 

coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775. 

Abbot, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Tobias Fernald's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt.; enlisted Feb. 22, 1776; deserted Aug. 21, 1776. 

Abbot, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Samuel Knight's co. ; enlisted Jul}- 9, 1775; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 8 days, at Falmouth, Cumljerland Co. 

Abbot, Nathaniel, Andover. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., whicli marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775; reported discharged Aug. 20, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Boston, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Abbot, Nathaniel. Lieutenant, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (11th Mass.) regt.; return 
of officers dated Dec. 3, 1778. 

Abbot, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wallcut's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; enlisted Jan. 7, 1777; roll made up for 30 days rations from time of march- 
ing from Boston to time of arrival at Bennington, viz., Feb. 5, 1777. 

Abbot, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Thomas Bragdon's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted April 29, 1780; discharged Nov. 27, 1780; service, 7 mos. 3 days, under 
command of Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Abbot, Nathaniel, Ipswich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
3d Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; enlistment, 3 years; -joined Capt. Whip- 
ple's CO., Col. Putnam's regt.; also, Private, Capt. Whipple's co., Col. Rufus 
Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 22, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 13 

Abbot, Nehemiah, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumhaiu's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Abbot, Nehemiah, Andover. Lientenant, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Nehemiah, Audover. Private, Capt. Thomas Poor's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted Jan. 31, 1775 ; also, return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 

Abbot, Nehemiah, Andover. Capt. Benjamin Farniim's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; 
receipts for advance pay, dated Cambridge, June 21, 1775, and Aug. — , 1775; 
also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Abbot, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. John Adams's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; service under Maj. Gage with reinforcements to Northern 
army ; reported as leaving company and engaging in Continental Arm 3-, Oct. 6, 
1777. 

Abbot, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. 
Roll sworn to at Andover. 

Abbot, Nehemiah. Conductor of stores for Mass. line of Continental Army; com- 
missioned Dec. 5, 1777. 

Abbot, Nehemiah. List of men appointed on committee for Essex Co., to raise men 
for New Yorli and Canada. 

Abbot, Nehemiah, Lincoln. Private, Capt. William Smith's co., Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
William Smith's co.. Col. John Nixon's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated 
Cambridge, June 10, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 24, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775 ; also. 
Corporal, Capt. John Hartwell's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; service, 5 daj's; 
reported called out March 4, 1776, to foilify Dorchester Heights ; also, list of men 
enlisted or drafted by Capt. Samuel Farrar, Col. Brooks's regt., dated Aug. 14, 
1777; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt, Thomas Turner's (5th) co.. Col. Henry 
Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 20, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. David Henlej-'s regt.; 
pay roll for April, 1778, dated Providence ; also, Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Jack- 
son's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; also, muster roll for 
June, 1779, dated Camp at Providence. 

Abbot, Nehemiah, Newton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as ha-ving passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Newton for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; rank, Private; marched Jul}- 17, 
1780; discharged Jan. 20, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 15 days. 

Abbot, Pelet. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's (Volunteer) co. ; enlisted July 28, 1779 ; 
discharged Sept. 28, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Abbot, Peter. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
discharged July 10, 1777; service, 8 days, on three alarms at Machias. 

Abbot, Philip, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Daniel Rogers's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co.. Col. 
Little's regt. ; return dated June 5, 1775 ; reported marched to Cambridge ; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 15, 1775; age, 24 yrs. 



14 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbot, Philip, Andover. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co., Col. James Frj'e s 
regt. ; killed June 17, 1775 ; reported negro servant of Nathan Abbot. 

Abbot, Reibex. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt. ; 
discharged July 10, 1777; service, 8 days, on three alarms at Machias; also, 
Capt. Daniel Sullivan's (Volnnteer) co. ; enlisted July 28, 1779; discharged Sept. 
28, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Abbot, Recbex, "\VilI)raham. Private, Capt. Phineas Stebbins's co., Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 15, 1778 ; discharge(l Nov. 17, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 
27 days ; detached to reinforce Gen. Sullivan and ordered to Boston ; aho, list of 
men raised for the 6 months service and returned liy Brig. Gen. Paterson as hav- 
ing passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2.1, 1780; also, Capt. 
Abel Ilolden's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; i)ay roll 
for 6 montlis men raised by the town of "\Vill)raham for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; marched July 3, 1780; discliarged Dec. 13, 1780; service, 
6 mos. ; also, certificate of service dated West Point, Dec. 13, 1780. 

Abbot, Reuben, Jx. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.,Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th 
Lincoln Co.) regt.; marched Oct. 29, 1780; discharged Nov. 17, 1780; service, 19 
days ; ordered out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's Bay. 

Abbot, Samtel, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched on 
tlie alarm of April 19, 177'i, to Concord and Cambridge; service, 8 daj's. 

Abbot, Samuel. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickenson's co.. Col. AVoodbridge's regt.; 
list of men returned as serving on picket guard, Maj' 23, 1775, under Capt. Hub- 
bard and Maj. Baldwin. 

Abbot, Samuel, Sunderland. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Calel) Montague's co , Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 5, 1779; enlistment, 
3 years ; joined Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. 

Abbot, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathan Drury's (6th) co., Col. Abner Perry's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; dischai'ged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Framingham. 

Abbot, Samuel, Dracut. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also. Private, Capt. J. B. Yarnum's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; 
enlisted June 26. 1780; discharged Dec. 19, 1780; service, 6 mos. 4 days; enlist- 
ment, 6 months ; aho, descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 
16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, darlc ; occupa- 
tion, farmer; enlisted Feb. 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Isaac Pope's 
CO., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster rolls for May and July, 1781, 
dated Phillipsborough ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, 
muster roll for Dec, 1781, and Jan., 1782, dated York Huts; also, muster roll 
for Feb., 1782, dated West Point. 

Abbot, Simeon. Private, Capt. Jedediah Goodwin's co., Col. Joseph Prime's regt.; 
enlisted May 3, 1780; service, 6 mos. 18 days, under command of Brig. Gen. 
Wadsworth ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, muster roll for May and June, 1780, 
dated Falmouth. 

Abbot, Solomon. Capt. John Ford's co., Col. Robinson's regt.; receipt for wages 
from Feb. 5, 1776, to April 1, 1776, dated Chelmsford. 

Abbot, Solomon. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's co. of invalids; pa}- roll for ser- 
vice from Aug. 12, 1778, to Oct. 1, 1778, dated Boston ; also, Lieut. Osgood Carle- 
ton's CO. of invalids. Col. Lewis Nicola's regt. ; muster roll dated Boston, Sept. 9, 
1779 ; reported transferred to invalids in New Hampshire, Aug. 10, 1779. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 15 

Abbot, Stephen, Andover. Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 54 da.vs rations to date of arrival at Bennington ; 
enlisted Feb. 14, 1777; also, Col. Marshall's regt. ; list of officers who lost cloth- 
ing while at Ticonderoga, dated Camp above Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777 ; also, Cap- 
tain, 11th regt. ; list of officers of the Mass. line; commissioned May 28, 1778, 
and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also, Col. Tupper's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; service, 17 mos. 
as Lieutenant, 19 mos. as Captain; also, muster return dated Jan. 24, 1778; 
reported furloughed ; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point ; reported 
furloughed by Gen. McDougall from Fel). 2 to May 15, 1779; also, return dated 
West Point, Aug. 10, 1779 ; also, Continental Army paj' accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll for Oct. 1, Dec, 1780, dated Huts 
near West Point; reported furloughed by Col. Brooks until April 1, 1781. 

Abbot, Theophilvs, Berwick. Private, Capt. Philip Hubbard's co., Col. James 
Scammon's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; ser^^ce, 
3 mos. 1 day; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; a/so, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Abbot, Theophilus. Private, list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, Juh' 3, 1775. 

Abbot, Thomas, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home ; roll sworn to March 
7, 1777; also, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Dec. 19, 1777 ; discharged April 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 16 days, at Win- 
ter Hill, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's troops ; roll dated Bradford ; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men; Capt. Lovejoy's co., Col. Johnson's regt.; age, 47 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; enlisted March IS, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Abbot, Thomas, Jr., Berwick. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Josiah Staples's (12th) co., 2d 
York Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Nov. 14,, 1776; 
chosen in place of Philip Hubbard, Jr., resigned ; also, Capt. Hamilton's co.. Col. 
John Frost's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia retm-iied by Brig. Gen. Jotham 
Moulton, dated Providence, Dec. 24, 1776; also, Capt. John Goodwin's co., Maj. 
Daniel Littlefield's (York Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged Sept. 
10, 1779 ; service, 2 mos., on expedition to Penobscot. 

Abbot, Timothy. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Abbot's (6th) co., Col. Samuel Johnson's 
(4th Essex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Oct. 7, 1779. 

Abbot, Tobet, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
discharged June 27, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days, at Providence, R. I. 

Abbot, Uriah, Dracut. List of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for the term of 
9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; returned as 
received by Col. Rufus Putnam, July 20, 1778. 

Abbot, Walter, Berwick. Capt. Philip Hubbard's co.. Col. James Scammon's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 27, 1775 ; 
also, Capt. Daniel Wheelwright's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; return for 
rations between date of enlistment, Feb. 1, 1777, and date of marching, April 26, 
1777 ; also, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Fel>. 1, 1777, to Nov. 19, 1778; reported deserted 
Nov. 19, 1778. 

Abbot, William, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
16 days. 

Abbot, William, Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 1 day; reported as a volunteer 
member of the company who did not bear arms. 



16 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Abbot, William, Conway. Capt. John Baker, Jr.'s, cc, Col. Gerrish's regt.; receipt 
for advance pay dated Brookline, July 22, 177') ; also, Capt. Joseph Pettingill's co., 
Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's ;J8th) regt. ; company return dated Sewall's I'oint, 
Sept. 27, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Camp at Sewall's Point, Nov. 19, 1775 ; also, list of men who agreed to serve the 
month of Jan., 1776; also, pay abstracts for Felj., March, April, May and July, 
1776, dated Camp at New York. 

AunoT, William. Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; dis- 
charged March 16, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Ahuot, William. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; enlisted Feb. 20, 1778; discharged May 20, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Bunker Hill. 

Abbot, William, Dracut. Private, Capt. Joseph B. Varnum's (Volunteer) co. [2d co. 
of Dracut], Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 
7, 1777 ; service, 42 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army ; also, descriptive 
list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; occupation, farmer (also given black- 
smith) ; enlisted Feb. 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Aubot, Zebediaji, Andover. Private, Capt. Josliua Holt's co., which marclied on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Caml)ridge ; service, 1^ days. 

Abbot, Zebediah, Brimfield. Private, Cai)t. Joseph Thompson's co., Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16jJ days. 

Abbot, Zebediah. Private, Capt. John Sherman's co.. Col. Gideon Burt's regt.; 
enlisted June 16, 1782; discharged June 22, 1782; service, 6 days, at Northampton 
and Springfield, quelling the insurrection. 

Abbote, Isaac. Private, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 2.3, 1779; service, I mo. 
12 daj's, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbots, Caleb. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co. ; return of men who served in 
battle at Charlestown, dated Cambridge, June 19, 1775. 

Abbott, Aakox, Greenwich. Corporal, 2d Lieut. Tliomas Weeks's co.. Col. Elisha Por- 
ter's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to tlie alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, Hda.ys; also. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Isaac 
Powers's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 
12, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days ; marched on alarm to join Northern army under 
Gen. Schuyler. 

Abbott, Aaiion, York. Private, Capt. Jonathan Nowell's co.. Col. Scammou's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Abbott, Ariel, Lincoln. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co., Col. Dike's regt.; ser- 
vice, from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Abbott, Abiel. Private, Capt. Enoch Shepard's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days; marched 
on expedition to Saratoga. 

Abbott, Abiel. List of men in Capt. William Todd's co.. Col. Crafts's regt., who 
received bounty for 8 months service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

Abbott, Abiel. Private, Capt. Stephen Webster's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at 
Claverack ; regiment raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce Conti- 
nental Armv. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 17 

Abbott, Abijah, Framiiifjliani. List of men in Capt. Jesse Eames's co., Col. Samuel 
BuUard's (5tli Middlesex Co.) regt., who request that the company be divided 
into two companies ; list dated June 1, 1776. 

Abbott, Amos. Private, Capt. Philip Hubbard's co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776; service, 
9 mos. 23 days, at Kittery Point and Old York. 

Abbott, Amos, Sudljury. Private, Capt. Moses Barns's co., Lieut. Col. Peirce's regt.; 
enlisted May 29, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 2 months; also, list of men in Col. Cyprian 
How's regt. raised to serve at Tiverton, R. I., until July 1, 1779. 

Abbott, Amos. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light In- 
fantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. ;30, 1779; discharged Dec. 3, 1779; service, 2 raos. 

3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Abbott, Benjamin, Andover. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 2, 1780 ; marched 
to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. Phineas Parker. 

Abbott, Benjamin, Jr. Drummer, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; pay roll for 
service from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1782; also. Drum Major; payroll for service 
from June 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783; also, list of men in Capt. Taylor's co., 10th 
regt. 

Abbott, Daniel, Dracut. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance; service at Dorchester Heights Nov., 1776; also, 
Capt. Yarnum's co.. Col. Micliael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from April 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April L"), 1780. 

Abbott, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. William Greenleaf's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 4 days. 

Abbott, Francis. List of men dated Sept. 13 [year not given]. 

Abbott, George, Ipswich. Private, Capt. John Baker's co., Col. Little's regt.; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 11, 1775; service, 2 mos. 26 days. 

Abbott, George, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Nutting's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 
days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Jan. 1, 1776. 

Abbott, George, Billerica. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Array for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 3, 1780; 
marched to camp July 3, 1780, under command of Lieut. Daniel Frye of the 
artificers. 

Abbott, Gideon. Private, Capt. Silas Walker's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 

4 days, at Boston ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abbott, Henry, Brimfield. Private, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Col. Nixon's 
regt.; Continental Armj^ pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780 ; also, return of clothing dated Peekskill, Dec. 5, 1780 ; also, descriptive list 
of enlisted men, dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781 ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; 
complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, blacksmith; enlisted April 1, 1777, by 
Lieut. Smith; joined Capt. Heywood's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's (6th) regt.; enlist- 
ment, during war; a/.so, muster rolls for June and July, 1781; reported serving 
as blacksmith at West Point. 

Abbott, Henry. List of men in Capt. Perez Chapin's co.. Col. Badlam's regt., who 
received clothing, dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 



18 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abbott, Isaac. Private, Capt. Joseph Sargent's co., Col. Sparhawk's rest., which 
marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 9 days. 

Abbott, Isaac, Greenwich. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstract dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776 ; also, return for travel allowance granted 
in Council, Sept. 12, 1776. 

Abbott, Isaac, Jr., Fryeburg. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 montlis, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 j-rs. ; 
stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 7, 1780; inarched to 
camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Fryel)urg for service in the Continental Army during 
1780; marched June 23, 1780; discharged Dec. 8, 1780; service, 5 mos. 15 days; 
also, Capt. John Evans's co. ; enlisted Sept. 16, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; 
service, 2 mos. 18 days, guarding the frontiers on Androscoggin River ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Abbott, James. Private, Capt. Philip llul)l)ard's co. ; enlisted Sept. 1, 1776; service, 

2 mos. 13 days, at Kittery and Old York. 

Abbott, Jamks, 'Woolwich. Private, Capt. Peirce's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 11, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Abbott, James. Private, Capt. Jedediah Goodwin's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted May 3, 1780; service, 6 mos. 18 days, under command of Brig. Gen. 
Wadsworth ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, muster roll for June, 1780, dated 
Falmouth. 

Abbott, James, Jr., Berwick. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from May 21, 1777, to Aug. 30, 1778; 
reported died Aug. 30, 1778 ; also, Capt. Daniel Pillsbury's co. ; muster roll for 
May, 1778, dated Valley Forge ; reported sick at Dunkertown ; also, muster roll for 
June, 1778, dated Greenage (Greenwich) ; reported sick at Dunkertown ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Abbott, Jekemiah, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. Oliver Barron's co.. Col. David 
Green's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Abbott, Jesse, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of 
Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited with 8^ months service; also. Sergeant, 
company of volunteers under Lieut. Joseph Olmstead, detached from Capt. 
Nathaniel Hamilton's co., to guard stores at Brookfield; enlisted Jan. 1, 1779; 
discharged Fel). 6, 1779; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Abbott, Joif. Private, Capt. Zadok Buffinton's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 19, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777, at Cambridge ; service, 3 mos. 
12 days, at the Northward. 

Abbott, Joel. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co.. Col. Job Cushing's (Middlesex Co.) 

regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days ; 

marched on an alarm to Bennington. 
Abbott, Joel, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d ])rccinct of 

Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 4J months service. 
Abkott, John, Cambridge. Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Glover's regt.; company return 

[])robably Oct., 1775]. 
Abbott, John. Abstract from Col. Hatch's book; account of wages, etc., from 1775 

to 1777; reported in Maj. Gage's regt. 
Abbott, John, Marblehead. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 

Col. Jonathan Glover's (5th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777 ; enlistment, 

3 years. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 19 

Abbott, John, Berwick. Private, Capt. Sullivan's co., Col. Scammon's regt. ; enlisted 
May 5, 1775; company return [probably Aug., 1775] ; a/so, Capt. Philip Hubbard's 
CO.; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776; service, 9 mos. 23 days, at Kittery Point and Old 
York; also, Light Infantry co.. Col. Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from May 21, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, Capt. Daniel Pillsbury's co. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated 
Valley Forge ; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Greenage (Greenwich) ; also, 
pay abstract for Oct., 1778, dated Providence; also, Capt. Dudley Coleman's co. ; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; reported transferred 
to Light Infantry co.; also, Capt. Pillsbury's co., Col. Smith's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 21, 1780. 

Abbott, Johx, Holdeiu Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 16 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, ruddy; arrived at Springfield July 12, 1780; 
marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign Gilbert. 

Abbott, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Converse's 
regt. ; service, 22 days ; marched from Brookfield to join Gen. Gates's army, 
Sept. 23, 1777. 

Abbott, Jos., Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d prechict of 
Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 8 months service. 

Abbott, Jos. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co., Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted July 2, 1778 ; discharged July 12, 1778 ; service, 10 days, at Cambridge. 

Abbott, Jos., Jr. Seaman, lirigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Harraden ; enlisted Oct. 1, 1777 ; discharged May 8, 1778; service, 7 mos. 8 days. 

Abbott, Joseph, Wilbraham. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co., Col. Timothy 
Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days, 
at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777 ; reported sick with small- 
pox and sent to Fort George, Feb. 15, 1777, by order of Col. Wayne ; died March 
2, 1777. 

Abbott, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Osgood Carleton's co. of invalids. Col. Lewis Nicola's 
regt. ; muster rolls for Aug., Sept. and Oct., 1779, dated Boston. 

Abbott, Joshua, Rowley. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield Aug. 19, 1780; 
marched to camp Aug. 19, 1780, under command of Ensign Blaisdell. 

Abbott, Josiah. Ensign, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; muster rolls of field 
and staff officers for service and subsistence from Oct. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783. 

Abbott, Moses, Bedford. 1st Lieutenant, Lieut. Moses Abbot's oo., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 10 days. 

Abbott, Moses, Bedford. List of men between the ages of 16 and 60 liable to be 
called on for duty in the army ; list returned to Col. Green May 15, 1775 ; also. 
Private, Capt. Samuel Tay's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1781 ; 
discharged Nov. 29, 1781; service, 3 mos. 22 days; enlistment, 3 months; regi- 
ment raised in SuflFolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Abbott, Nath.\n. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. to serve in Capt. Nathaniel 
Winslow's CO., Col. Marshall's regt., dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777; returned by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master. 

Abbott, Nathan. Private, Lieut. Solomon Jackson's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 26, 1781 ; service, 18 days, 
under Lieut. Col. John Collar; marched on an alarm to the Northward by order 
of Col. John Ashlev, Jr. Roll dated Tvringham. 



20 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Abbott, Nathan, Belchertown. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hamp- 
shire Co.; Capt. Bardwell's co., Col. Porter's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; hair, light; enlistment, 9 months; received at Springfield July 19, 1779, 
by Capt. James Cooper. 

Abbott, Nathaniel, Ipswich. Private, Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Little's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 2, 1775; age, 17 yrs. 

Abbott, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Job Whipple's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (4th) 
regt.; Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 22, 
1780. 

Abbott, Nehemiah, Newton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 27 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; arrived at Springfield Jidy 21, 1780; 
marched to camp July 21, 1780, under command of Capt. Isaac Pope. 

Abbott, Nehemiah, Lincoln. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Turner's (5th) co., Col. Henry 
Jackson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Aug. 19, 1780. 

Abbott, Peter, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct 
of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 4^ months service. 

Abbott, Philip. Capt. .John Callender's co.. Col. Gridley's regt. ; receipt for advance 
pay dated Ranskill[ ?], June 22, 1775. 

Abbott, Philip. Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. Moses Little's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Abbott, Reuben, Wilbraham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 3, 1780; 
marched to camp July 3, 1780, under command of Lieut. Daniel Frye of the 
artificers. 

Abbott, Revben. Corporal, Capt. Daiuel Sullivan's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th 
Lincoln Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 29, 1780; discharged Nov. 17, 1780; service, 19 
days; ordered out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's 
Bay, 

Abbott, Samuel. List of men in Capt. Jesse Eames's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's (5th 
Middlesex Co.) regt., who request that the company be divided into two com- 
panies; list dated June 1, 1776. 

Abbott, Samuel, Sunderland. Private, Capt. John K. Smith's co., Col. Smith's (late 
Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 
10, 1777, to March 23, 1778; reported died March 23, 1778; also, Capt. Aaron 
Haynes's co. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Abbott, Samuel, Dracut. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; ccmiplexion, light; arrived at Springfield Julyl, 1780; marched 
to camp July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign Joseph Miller; reported in Capt. 
Russell's CO. 

Abbott, Silas, Arundel. Private, Capt. John Elden's co., Col. Lemuel Robinson's 
regt. ; return of men in service at Roxbury, Feb. 26, 1776 ; also, receii)t for travel 
allowance dated Dorchester, April 1, 1776; also, receipt dated Pepperellborougii, 
April 17, 1776. 

Abbott, Simeon, Fryeburg. Private, Capt. Stephen Farrington's co. ; enlisted Aug. 
4, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1781 ; service, 5 days ; expedition sent out l)y the 
town of Fryel)urg to the relief of inhabitants on Androscoggin River; also, pay 
roll for service from Aug. 12, 1781, to Sept. 5, 1781; service, 27 days, guarding 
frontiers on Androscoggin River. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 21 

Abbott, Stephen. Captain, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) rejrt. ; pay abstract dated 
Boston, June 14, 1781 ; also, muster rolls of field and stafi' officers from Jan. 1, 
1781, to Jan. 1, 1783. 

Abbott, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Aug. 9, 1778; discharged Dec. IG, 1778; service, -4 mos. 8 days; 
stationed at Winter Hill. 

Abbott, Thomas, 'Andover. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted March 15, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Abbott, Walter, Berwick. Private, Capt. Hubbard's co.. Col. Scammon's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 177o] ; enlisted May 8, 1775. 

Abbott, William. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Dec. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; marched to Claverack. Roll dated Billerica. 

Abbott, Zebediah. Private, Capt. Aaron Charles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; enlistment to expire March 
25, 1777 ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777. 

Abbott, Zebediah. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Shaw's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
9 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Monson. 

Abbotts, Isaac, Jr., Fryeburg. Private; payroll for service from Aug. 12, 1781, to 
Sept. 16, 1781, 1 mo. 7 days; expedition sent bj- town of Fryeburg to guard fron- 
tiers on Androscoggin River. 

Abbt, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Pettengill's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; 
pay abstract for June, 1776, dated New York. 

Abbt, Aarox, Hopkinton. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Miller's co.. Gen. Ward's 
regt. ; commissioned May 25, 1775. 

Abby, David. Private, Capt. Phineas Smith's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 21, 1777; service, 4 days; marched on 
an alarm at Bennington. 

Abbt, John, Westminster. Private, Capt. Hastings's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Abbt, Johx. Private, Capt. AVilliam Fletcher's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 7 days ; marched to 
Bennington ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 5, 1778, to Oct. 1, 1778, 30 days ; 
marched on an alarm at the Northward, by order of Gen. Lincoln. 

Abebt, Isaac, Greenwich. Receipt for bounty paid him Ijy town of Greenwich to 
serve in Continental Ai-mj- for the term of 3 years, dated Springfield, April 24, 1782. 

Abecrombet, David, Pelhara. Private, Capt. Reulien Dickinson's co.. Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, 
in 1776. 

Abecromxet, Samuel, Pelham. Private, Capt. John Trotter's co.. Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (5th) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 
months ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison at West Point. 

Abee, Ichabod. Private, Capt. John Tyler's co., Col. Joseph Read's regt.; return of 

men in service Dec. 10, 1775. 
Abee, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Samuel Craggin's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 

regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 10 days, on an 

alarm at Rhode Island. 
Abee, James. Private, Capt. John Tyler's co., Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; return of men 

in service Dec. 10, 1775. 



22 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abel, . [This name also appears under the form of Abell, Able.] 

Abel, Bexjamix, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Amasa Soper's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 20, 1776, to Feb. 10, 1777 ; marched to 
Bennington ; also, Major's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777 ; reported died Dec. 30, 1777 ; 
enlistment, during war. 

Abel, Cain, Dartmouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 38 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
Hi in.; complexion, l^lack ; occupation, laljorer; enlisted June 1"), 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; conducted to Springtield l)y I'lince Jenne ; received by Col. 
Shepard; also, Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillipsburg ; also, muster rolls 
for Aug. and Sept., 1781. 

Abel, James, Bennington. Private, Capt. Natlian Goodale's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; also, Maj. Allen's co.. Col. Put- 
nam's (")th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service fi'om Feb. 2, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, list of deserters; age, 22 yrs ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; hau-, light; enlistment, during war; deserted June, 1780. 

Abel, Johx, Taunton. Private, Capt. Oliver Soper's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; 
muster I'oll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, receipt for wages for Feb. and 
March, 1770, and for travel allowance from Dorchester to New York, dated New 
York, April 29, 1776. 

Abel, Johx, Sheffield. Private, Lieut. Col. Milieu's co., Col. James "Wesson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Fet). 17, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 11, 1780. 

Abel, Johx, Aslifield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Elisha Cranson's co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 2, 1779; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war; joined Capt. Bai'tlett's co.. Col. Wesson's regt.; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, 
dark; hair, dark ; occupation, farmer ; enlisted May 16, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Abel, Johx. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; 
enlisted April 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; 
reported at West Point; also, muster roll for Sept , 1781 ; reported with Col. Mel- 
len; also, muster rolls for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1781, and Jan. and Feb., 1782, 
dated York Huts ; reported on command at Fort Montgomery, in Feb., 1782. 

Abel, Joshta. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. David Wells's regt.; 
enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Abel, Joshua. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Abel, Pkeskrved. Quartermaster, Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted July 27, 
1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at Rhode Island; reported 
drafted. 

Abel, Robert. Captain, list of men drafted for 8 montlis to serve in Continental 
Army, dated Aug. 25, 1777. 

Abel, Robeut, Reholioth. List of enlisted men mustered by James Leonard, Mus- 
ter Master, since Sept. 16 [year not given] ; Capt. James Hall's co. ; enlistment, 
8 months. 

Abel, Robkkt, Jr. Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co. ; list of men stationed at Brook- 
line for 6 weeks ; dismissed Jan. 15, 1776 



IX THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 23 

AuELL, Aaron. Capt. Samuel Healey's co. ; warrant to pay oflScers and men, dated 

Feb. 6, 1783. 

Abell, Caix. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co., Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt. ; 
enlisted June 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781. 

AitKLL, James. Private, Capt. Nathan Goodale's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's reirt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 24, 1780; 
reported deserted Aug. 24, 1780. 

Abell, Preserved, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Perry's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Perry's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's (22d) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775 ; also, Ser- 
geant, Capt. James Hill's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 
1776; discharged Dec. 23, 1776; service, IG days, on an alarm at Bristol; also, 
Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt.; 
enlisted July 20, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 27, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at Bris- 
tol and Providence, R. I. ; also, Quartermaster, Col. Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, at Tiverton, R. I. 

Abell, Robert, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Perry's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Abenar, Jesse. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. John 
Ford's (14th) co.. Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 16, 
1778 ; enlisted for town of Pembroke ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Abenather, James, New Marlborough. Private, Capt. Enos Stone's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 25, 1778 ; reported deserted. 

Aber, Thomas, Andover. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] . 

Abercrombee, Samuel, Pelham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, ruddy; arrived at Springfield July 9, 
1780. 

Abercrombie, . [This name also appears under the form of Abecromney, 

Abecrombey, Abercumby, Abercrombee, Abercromby, Abicrombey, Abicrumbe.] 

Abercrombie, David, Pelham. Private, Capt. Isaac Gray's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Abercrombie, James, Pelham. Private, Capt. Isaac Gray's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
8 days; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775; 
also, Capt. David Cowden's co., Lieut. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's (4th Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 6 
days ; marched on an alarm at Bennington. 

Abercrombie, John. Private, list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, at Prospect Hill, July 16, 1775. 

Abercrombie, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt.; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776; discharged March 18, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
14 days. Roll dated Morristown. 



24 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abercromby, Isaac, Brookline. Private, Capt. Thomas Mayo, Jr.'s, co., Col. Eleazer 
AVeUl's re.irt. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776; discharged Dec. 29, 1776; service, 20 days, 
at Hull and Castle Island. 

Abehcrombt, Isaac. Private, Capt. Lemuel May's co., Col. Mcintosh's re^'t. ; enlisted 
March 23, 1778 ; dischartred April 5, 1778 ; service, 14 days ; stationed at Hox- 
biiry lines. 

Abercumby, David, Pelham. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Col. Rusffles Wood- 
brid.iie's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 11 days. 

Aberdeen, William. Private, schooner " Diligent," commanded by Capt. John Lam- 
bert ; engaged May 9, 1776 ; discharged June 24, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days. 

Aberxethy, . [This name appears under the form of Abenather.] 

Abett, Bexjamix, Worthington [probably]. Private, Capt. Ebenezer AYebl)er's co., 
Maj. Jonathan Clapp's regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 8 days, at the Westward, under Gen. Schuyler. 

Abet, Johx. Private, Cajjt. AVilliam Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's regt.; 
enlisted July 17, 1777; service, 13 days; company marched on an alarm from 
Gagehorough to Manchester, by order of Gen. Schu^ier. 

Abicrombey, James, Pelham. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Iluggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, 
in 1776. 

Abicri'mbe, David. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. Ezra Maj^'s regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 daj's, on expedition 
to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Abijah, , Springfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 

CO., 1st Hampshire Co. regt., sworn to April 6, 1779; enlistment expires July, 
1780; joined Capt. Keep's co.. Col. Marshall's regt.; reported a negro. [Name 
appears crossed out on list.] 

Able, Caix. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; 
enlisted June 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, 
dated York Huts ; reported died Feb. 12, 1782. 

Able, Johx. Private, Capt. Leonard Bleeker's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Goose Van 
Schaick's (1st New York) regt.; enlistment, during war ; muster rolls for Jan. - 
April, 1781, dated West Point; detailed on garrison duty. 

Able, Johx. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; 
enlisted April 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; reported 
on command at West Point. 

Able, Joshua. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Sept. 26, 1777; service, 11 days, on expedition 
to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Able, Joshua, Jr. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days, on expedition 
to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Aboot, Josiah. Capt. Al)ishai Brown's co., Col. John Jlobinson's regt. ; enlisted July 
7, 1777; discharged Jan. 5, 1778; service, 5 mos. 28 days. 

Aboot, Samuel, Andover. Corporal, Capt. James Mallon's co., Essex Co. regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 3, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at Castle 
Island, under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Aborx, . [This name also appears under the form of Aborns, Ebarn.] 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 25 

Abokx, Aaron, Lynn. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Bancroft's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1 clay ; also, Capt. Gideon Foster's co.. Col. 
John Manstield's rejrt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 4, 1775 ; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 11, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
25 days ; also, Capt. Baker's co., Col. Manstield's regt. ; company return [proba- 
bly Oct., 1775] . 

AnoRN, Ebexezer, Lj-nn. Private, Capt. Gideon Foster's co.. Col. John Mansfield's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 22, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; also, 
receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Aug. 10, 1775; also, Capt. 
Baker's co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; companj- return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
Capt. Baker's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Camp at "Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Aborx, Ebenezer, Danvers. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Junius 
Brutus," commanded by Capt. John Leach, dated Salem, June 15, 1780; age, 23 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark. 

Aborx, James. Corporal, Capt. William Blackler's co., Col. John Glover's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Aborx, James, Marblehead. Sergeant, Capt. Mills's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. of ar- 
tificers; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Jan. 
20, 1779. 

Aborn, Moses, Lynn. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st Essex 
Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 years or during war ; joined Capt. 
Bancroft's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; also, Private, Capt. Bancroft's co.. 
Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 14, 
1777, to Aug. 17, 1777 ; reported died Aug. 17, 1777. 

Aborxs, Aarox. Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Aborxs, Aarox, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co.. Col. Ebenezer Fran- 
cis's regt. ; service, 1 day ; marched to camp and home again ; roll sworn to 
Nov. 29, 1776. 

Aborxs, Ebexezer. Capt. John Baker's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 
25, 1775. 

Abot, Aarox. Private, Capt. Solomon AValker's co. ; enlisted Sept. 10, 1777; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1777 ; service, 2 days, in taking mast-ship in Sheepscot River. 
Roll dated Pownalborough. 

Abot, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Addison Richardson's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at 
Claverack ; regiment raised from Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army 
under Gen. Washington. 

Abot, Isaac, Foxborough. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Abot, Joab. Private, Capt. Joseph Pettengill's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt ; pay 
abstract for March, 1776, dated New York. 

Abot, Nathax. Capt. Warner's co., 10th Mass. regt.; enlisted July 14, 1779; dis- 
charged April 14, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Abot, Nehemiah, Lincoln. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
S. Farrar, Jr.'s, co.. Col. Brooks's regt., dated Sept. 8, 1777; joined Paymaster 
William Harris's co., Col. Henley's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 



26 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abot, Samuel. Private, Capt. Isaac Pope's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 9, 1781 ; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts. 

Abot, Silas. Corporal, Capt. Joshua Nason's co., (late) Col. Stevens's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos. 3 days, with Northern 
army ; discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Abot, Solomon, Dracut. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
return of men in service at White Plains, Oct, 31, 1776. 

Abot, William, Conway. Private, Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 days. 

Ahott, Aakon. Private, Capt. Solomon Walker's co. ; enlisted Sept. 10, 1777; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1777 ; service, 2 days, in taking mast-ship in Sheepscot lliver. 
Roll dated Pownalborough. 

Abott, John-. Private, Capt. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted July 
25, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 17 days, at Rhode Island; also, 
muster rolls dated East Greenwich, Sept. 28 and Nov. 1, 1778; also, muster roll 
dated North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, 
Jan. — , 1779. 

Abott, Silas. Private, Capt. Timothy Eaton's co.. Col. Edward AVigglesworth's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga to AVells, in 1776. 

Abott, AVilliam, Woburn. Private, Capt. Josiali Johnson's (1st) co. ; list of men 
dated April 30, 1775. 

About, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co.. Col. Varnum's regt. ; enlisted 
Jan. 2, 1776. 

Abraham, . [This name also appears under the form of Abaaham, Abrahams, 

Abrhams, Abrames, Abrams.] 

Abeaham, ■-. Private, Capt. Ambrose Bean's co. of Indians, Col. Jonathan Eddy's 

regt.; enlisted Nov. 3, 1776; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; service, 28 days, on expe- 
dition against Fort Cumberland, N. S. 

Abraham, Alexander, Woburn. Matross, Capt. Chadwick's co.. Col. Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; company return dated Charlestown, Sept. 30, 1775; enlisted 
July 11, 1775; age, 40 yrs. ; occupation, cordwainer. 

Abraham, John. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; service with de- 
tachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symnies, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Council 
of May 12, 1777- 

Abraham, William. Private, Lieut. Thomas Holland's co. ; enlisted Jan. 23, 1778; 
discharged May 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days; company drafted to do dutv as 
guards on prison ship "Kingston" in Boston harbor, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Abraham, William. Boy, brig " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; 
enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 18, 1778; service, 4 mos. 29 days. 

Abraham, Woodward. Capt. Thomas Barnes's co., 4th regt.; receipt for wages for 
Dec, 1770. 

Abraham, Woodward. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk ; pay rolls for service from Feb. 22, 1777, to Oct. 16, 1777. 

Abrahams, Andrew, Groton. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's (26th) regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for l)ounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 26, 1775, 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 27 

Abrahams, Bexjamix. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 
detachment commanded Ijy Maj. Andrew S.ymmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guardin.!,' stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of 
Council of May 12, 1777. 

Abrahams, John. Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt. ; statement of Continental l>al- 
ances certified April 10, 1786 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Abrahams, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Stutson's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's regt. 
of guards; enlisted Dec. 10, 1777; discharged March 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 
days, at Boston, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Abraha3is, Thomas, Boston. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted Jan^ 31, 1781. 

Abrahams, William. Private, Capt. Elias Parkman's detachment of guards ; enlisted 
July 2, 1778; discharged Jul\' 17, 1778; service, 15 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Abrahajis, Woodward. Sergeant ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at 
Prospect Hill, Jul}' 16, 1775, under Col. L. Baldwin. 

Abrahams, Woodward, Salem. Capt. Thomas Barnes's co.. Col. Mansfield's (later 
Hutchinson's) regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; 
also. Corporal; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 26 days ; also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 5, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Barnes's (5th) co.. Col. Nixon's (-ttli) regt. ; return of men in service from Sept. to 
Nov., 1776, dated North Castle ; also, receipt for wages for Oct. and Nov., 1776. 

Abrahams, Woodward. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk ; pay roll for service from Feb. 22, 1777, to July 31, 1777, dated Salem ; 
also, paj' roll for service from July 31, 1777, to Oct. 16, 1777, dated Boston ; also, 
list of prisoners delivered to Col. Gabriel Johonnot by Charles Waller, Commis- 
sary of Prisoners, at Rhode Island, March 17, 1778. 

Abrames, Andrew, Sharon, Conn. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. Pater- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 9, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 

Abrams, John. Private, Capt. Isaac AVood's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of guards ; 

enlisted April 1, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 3 daj-s, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months. 
Abrams, John, AVestford. Private, Capt. Moses Barns's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel 

Pierce's regt. ; enlisted May 17, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 

days; enlistment, 2 months. 

Abrams, John, Westborough (also given Westford) . List of men mustered in Worces- 
ter Co., Capt. Fisher's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; return made by Thomas New- 
hall, Muster Master; mustered July 21, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; also, 
descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. in 1779 to serve in Continental 
Army; Capt. Read's co.. Col. Read's regt. ; age, 17yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; com- 
plexion, dark ; also, Capt. Keith's co. ; enlisted July 28, 1779 ; discharged Feb. 
28, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Abrams, Ralph. Matross, Capt. Jonathan Stoddard's (Artillerj') co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's regt. ; pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to July 8, 1777, 2 months. 

Abrhams, Woodward. Capt. Thomas Barnes's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter 
Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Abro, Benjah. Collier and woodcutter; return of men in Quartermaster General's 
department at Fishkill, Oct. 14, 1781 ; drafted from 9th regt. 

Abro, Jabez, Pittsfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreealjle to resolve of 
Dec. 2, 1780; Capt. Strong's co.. Col. Rossiter's regt.; age, 36 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; complexion, 1)lack; hair, black; occupation, laborer; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army during 1781-82; reported 
unfit for service; age, 38 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; disability, deafness, old age, 
etc. ; enlistment, 3 years ; belonged to 2d regt. 



28 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Abt, Heinrich. Corporal, Col. Armand's Legion ; list of men dated July, 1778 (Inde- 
pendent CO. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

AnTHOHT, Thomas. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Freeman's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch 
Hallett's (Barnstable Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2'), 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 
1780; service, 2 mos. 11 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Abtrom, John. Sergeant of marines, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. H. 
Hacker; list entitled to prize shares in the " Mellish " and " Active " [no date]. 

AcANS, Israel. Private, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 19, 177»; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Account, Jesse (alias Abner Count). Col. Brooks's regt.; statement of Continental 
balances, certified April 18, 1780. 

AccRE, Andrew, Schoharie, N. Y. Private, Ca])t. Charles Dibbell's co., Col. Pater- 
son's regt.; muster roll dateil Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 24, 1775; service, 2 
mos. 13 days. 

AccRO, Israel. Capt. Day's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; died of small- 
pox Marcii 8, 1782, at AVest Point. 

AccROAV, . [This name also appears under tlic form of Acrow, Ackro.] 

AccROW, Silas. Private, Capt. George Dunham's (8th) co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army jiay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
credited to town of Plymouth ; reported a negro. 

AccRS, John, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d Plymouth 
Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; enlisted for town of Bridgewater; joined Capt. 
Brown's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Achens, Richard. Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. of coast guards; list of men 
appearing on a memorandum of beef delivered Feb. 18, 1777. 

Acheson, Thomas. Capt. "William Todd's co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; list of men who 
received bount.v for 8 months service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777; also, 
list of men dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Achman, William, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Keith's co., Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt. ; Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from May 19, 1777, to [year not 
given] ; reported transferred to the ship "Providence." 

AcHOR, Jacoh, Tyringliam. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 3, 1778; 
age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft.; Capt. Lankton's co., Col. Ashley's regt. 

AcKELSON, Robert. Private, Capt. Joseph AVillmartli's co., Col. John Hathaway's 
regt.; enlisted March 22, 1779; discharged April 12, 1779; service, 22 days, at 
Rowland's Ferry. 

Acker, Abert. Private, Capt. Henry Tiet)uut's co., Col. Goose A'an Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-Marcli. 1781, dated West Point; reported 
deserted March 1, 1781. 

Acker, Conuad. Private, Capt. Henry Tiebout's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (Ist 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; reported 
on command at block-house. 

Acker, Francis, AVest Springfield. Receipt for bounty paid him l)y Jacob Day for 
the town of AVest Springfield to serve in Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated April 2, 1781. 

AcKERMAN, PeTer. Private, Capt. Moses McFarland's co. of invalids, Col. Lewis 
Nicola's regt. ; payroll for Oct.. 1779; stationed at Boston ; reported on furlough. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 29 

AcKLEAT, John*. List of men enlisted into Continental Army for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, ajfreeahle to resolve of April 20, 1778. 
[Name ai)pears crossed out on the list.] 

AcKLEY, . [This name also appears under the form of Ackleay, Ackly, Akley, 

Akeley, Akely.] 

AcKLET, Benaiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Sevey's co.. Col. Foster's (Lincoln Co.) 
regt. ; discharged July 16, 1777 ; service, 23 days, at Machias, when ship " Am- 
buscade" lay in the harbor. 

AcKLEY, Bezaleel. Matross, Capt. John Doughty's co., Col. John Lamb's (2d 
Artillery) regt.; enlistment, during war; muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781, 
dated West Point. _ 

AcKLEY, John, Machias. Private, Capt. Jabez West's co. ; enlisted May 18, 1777 ; dis- 
charged July 22, 1777 ; service. 2 mos. 4 days, on expedition against St. Johns, N. S. 

AcKLET, JoHX, Nova Scotia. Certificate dated May 11, 1778, certifying enlistment of 
said Ackley for town of Dorchester for term of 8 months from time of arrival at 
Fishkill; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Sumner's co.. Col. Gill's 
regt.; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; occupation, truckman ; ra/so, Private, Capt. 
John Ellis's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; enlisted June 10, 1778; discharged 
Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos. 1 day, at North River, N. Y. ; pay rolls for June- 
Sept., 1778, dated Fort Clinton; pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated King's 
Ferry. 

AcKLEY, JoHX, Springfield (also given Longmeadow). Private, Lieut. David Burt's 
and Lieut. Jonathan Hale's co., which marched April 21, 177''), in response to the 
alarm of April 19, 177"), to Brookfield ; service, 3 days ; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from 3d co., 1st Hampshire Co. regt., sworn to 
April 6, 1779; joined Capt. Asa Coburn's co.. Col. Iehal)od Alden's regt.; enlist- 
ment to expire Jan., 1780 ; also, muster return dated Albany, Jan. 12, 1778 ; also, 
Drum Major, 1st co.. Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. William 
Hudson Ballard's co. ; return for April, 1779, dated Cherry Valley; also, Capt. 
White's CO., Col. Brooks's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Ackley, John. Frigate "Hague," commanded by Cai)t. John Mauley; receipt for 
wages to May 10, 1783. 

Ackley, Thomas, Dedham. Private, Capt. Joseph Guild's co.. Col. Heath's (36th) 
regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775 ; enlisted May 9, 1775. 

AcKLiN, Francis. Private, Capt. John H. Wendell's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt.; enlistment, during war; muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, 
dated West Point. 

Ackly, Benaiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Sevey's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt. ; 
enlisted June 23,1777; discharged July 16, 1777; service, 23 days; ordered out 
for defence of Machias and adjacent rivers. 

Ackly, Bezaleel. Matross, Capt. John Doughty's co.. Col. John Laml)'s (2d Artillery) 
regt.; enlistment, during war; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; 
reported on furlough in New Jersey. 

Ackman, William. Private, Capt. James Webb's co.. Col. Henry Sherl)urne's regt.; 
enlisted Nov. 26, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; muster roll for July and Aug., 1778, 
dated Camp at Rhode Island. 

AcKRO, Silas. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. David Col)b's 
(5th) regt. ; joined from Capt. Benson's co. ; muster rolls for Dec., 1782, and Jan. 
and Feb., 1783; reported succeeded by Jonathan Willis. 



30 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AcKRT, Thomas. Marine, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; 
enlisted Dec. 2, 1780 ; discharged July 2, 1781 ; service, 7 mos. 

Acock, WiLLi.xAr, Charlemont. Receipt for bounty paid him by Class No. 1 of town 
of Charlemont to serve in Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated April 
22, 1782. 

Acorn, Jacoh. Private, Capt. Philip M. Ulmer's co.. Col. McCol)b's rest.; enlisted 
July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. IG days, on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

AcoRX, John. Private, Capt. Philip M. Ulmer's co.. Col. McCol)l)'s regt. ; enlisted 
July S, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 16 days, on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

Acorn, Michael. Seaman, list of prisoners sent to Boston in the cartel snow '* Swift " 
from Halifax, Sept. 30, 1778. 

Acorn, Michael. Private, Capt. Pliilip M. Ulmer's co., Col. McCohh's regt. ; enlisted 
July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 16 days, on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

A'CouNT, . [This name also appears under the form of Account.] 

A'CbUNT, Jesse. Private, Capt. Benjamin Warren's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated West Point; reported 
on command at Verplauck's Point; also, muster roll for April, 1781, dated West 
Point; also, muster rolls for May and June, 1781, dated West Point; reported on 
command at Verplauck's Point; also, Capt. William Mills's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; muster rolls for July, Aug. and 
Sept., 1781; reported on command at Verplanck's Point; also, muster rolls for 
Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1781, dated York Huts. 

Acre, Andrew. Capt. Charles Dibble's co., Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 
26, 1775. 

Acres, . [This name also appears under the form of Accre, Acre, Accrs, Achor, 

Acker, Akers, Akor, Akiss, Aeors, Aires.] 

Acres, George, Plantation No. 5 [Cummington]. Corporal, Capt. William Ward's 
CO., (late) Col. Ezra May's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; dis- 
charged Aug. 22, 1777 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Acres, George, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Nathan Alden's (9th) co.. Col. Mitchell's regt., dated Feb. 20, 1778; enlisted for 
town of Bridgewater ; joined Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Jackson's [ ?] regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war; also, Corporal, Capt. Joshua Brown's co., Col. 
Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 
11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; promoted to Sergeant Oct. 1, 1779; also, pay abstract 
for Feb., 1779, dated Providence; also. Sergeant; Colonel's co., Col. Bigelow's 
regt. ; Continental Armj' pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, Capt. Michael G. Houdins's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (.")th) regt.; 
muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war. 
[See John Acres.] 

Acres, John. Private, Capt. John Walton's co. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776; discharged 
Dec. 21, 1776; service, 12 days, at Noddle's Island. 

Acres, John. Private, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged May 12, 1778; service, 3 mos., at Boston, under 
Maj. Gen. Heath. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 31 

Acres, John. Private, Capt. Roger Libby's co. ; enlisted Oct. 1, 1779; discharged Oct. 

23, 1779; service, 23 da.ys, at the Eastward under command of Nathaniel Jordan, 
Esq. ; company detached from Cumberland Co. militia. 

Acres, John. Corporal, Capt. William Bird's co., Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
17, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 24 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
regiment raised in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Acres, John, Boston. Sergeant, descriptive list of enlisted men, dated West Point, 
Jan. 10, 1781 ; Capt. Houdins's co., Col. Putnam's ("jth) regt. ; age, 34 yrs. 11 mos. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7i in.; complexion, dark; hair, brown; eyes, gray; enlisted Dec. 

24, 1779, by Capt. Brown; enlistment, during war; joined from l.'jth regt. [See 
George Acres.] 

Acres, Thomas, Boston. Capt. Edward Crafts's co., Col. Richard Gridley's (.\i-tillery) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also, Matross, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj' 13, 1775; service, 11 weeks 3 days; 
also, company return dated French lines, Oct. 12, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Acres, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
enlisted March 11, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; muster roll dated Yan Schaick's 
Island, Sept. 1, 1777; reported on command at Charlestown. 

AcROAV, Silas, Plymouth. Capt. George Dunham's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; list 
of men mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master; age, 24}'rs. ; enlistment, 
3 years; also, Private, Capt. Judah Alden's co., Col. Bailey's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to J^eb. 14, 1780; reported a 
negro. 

AcROw, Silas. Private, Capt. Job AVhipple's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 19, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; muster roll for April, 1781, dated 
AVest Point. 

Adair, . [This name appears under the form of Addair.] 

Adam, , Brookline. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co.. Col. William Heath's regt., 

which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 23 days [given on roll as 
Squire Gardner's "Adam," probably a servant]. 

Adam, Benjamin. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.; Col. Benjamm Symonds's regt. ; 
enlisted July 9, 1777; service, 22 daj-s; marched on an alarm from Gageljorough 
to Manchester by order of Gen. Schuyler. 

Adam, Edward, Taunton. V&y roll for 6 months men, raised by the town of Taunton 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 10, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Jan. 8, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 8 days. 

Adam, Jack, Roxbury. Receipt for bounty paid him ])y Class No. 5 of town of Rox- 
bury to serve in Continental Army for term of 3 years, dated April 12, 1782. 

Adam, John, Taunton. Matross, Capt. Samuel Fales's co.. Col. G. Williams's regt.. 
Gen. Godfrey's brig.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 2, 1777; service, 25 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Slade's Ferry in Swanzey. 

Adam, John. Private, Capt. Philip Thomas's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 23, 1776 ; pay roll for rations to Feb. 6, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days ; 
marched from Boston to Bennington. 

Adam, Joshua, Egremont. Corporal, return of men enlisted into Continental Army; 
Capt. Carr's co., 8th regt.; enlisted Nov., 1779; enlistment, during war. 

Adam, Joshca, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. 
Ballard's co., Col. Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 



32 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adam, Peter, Taunton (also given Raynham). rrivate, Capt. Josiah King's cc, Col. 
George Williams's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 2 days ; marched on a secret expedition ; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master, dated May 16, 1778; 
Capt. Nathaniel Snow's (4th) co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; age, 29 yrs.; 
stature, .') ft. 5 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; eyes, l)lack ; enlistment, 
9 months, from time of arrival at Fishkill ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, 
raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; age, 36 yrs. ; stature, n ft. ') in. ; com- 
plexion, black; occupation, laborer; enlistment, :i years; marched to Springfield 
to join regiment. 

Adam, Phineas, New Ipswich. Private, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Ezra 
Town's CO., Col. James Read's regt. ; birthplace, Dunstable ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, fair; eyes, light; occupation, carpenter; enlisted April 
23, 1775; mustered July 11, 177"). 

Adam, Sabin, Long Island. Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; muster return [year not given] ; reported deceased. 

Adam, Saint, Vineyard. List of men mustered to serve in Capt. Eddy's co.. Col. 
Bradford's regt., dated Boston, June 8, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Feb. 24, 1778; enlisted for town 
of Uxbridge; joined Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; enlist- 
ment, during war ; also, Private, 3d co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from June 1, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1778; reported deceased. 

Adam, Samuel. Private, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 20, 1780; discliarged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 days; marched on an 
alarm from Windsor by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Adam, Smith. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Jan. 19, 1778; discharged Fel). 3, 1778; service, lo days, at 
Cambridge. 

Adames, Abijaii, AVarwick. Capt. Dexter's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Adames, Andrew. List of men who received fire-arms from Capt. Benjamin Lamont, 
dated Cox's Head, Aug. 14, 1781. 

Adames, Asa. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt. ; list of men 
in service in 1775. 

Adames, Daniel. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co.. Col. Yarnum's regt. ; enlisted 
Jan. 5, 1776. 

Adames, David. Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; dis- 
charged March 16, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Adames, Ebenezek Thomas, Cambridge. Private, Capt. Stephen Dana's co., Col. 
Mcintosh's regt.; enlisted March 20, 1776; discharged April 5, 1776; service, 
17 days, at the lines in Boston. 

Adames, John, Sanford. Private, Capt. Morgan Lewis's co., which marched April 21, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Adames, John, New Braintree. Corporal, Capt. John Granger's co. of Minute-men, 
Col. Jonathan Warner's regt.; enlisted April 19, 1775; service, 2 weeks 1 day. 

Adames, Josevh, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's (Volunteer) co., 3d Essex 

Co. regt., commanded by Maj. Smith ; enlisted Sejit. 30, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 7. 

1777, at Cambridge; service, 1 mo. 10 days; cunipaiiy marched Oct. 2, 1777, to 

reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward. 
Adames, Moses. Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt.; order ft)r bounty 

coat (jr its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 23, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 33 

Adames, Nathan. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1778 ; discharged Aug. 10, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. Roll dated Camp 
Provideuce. 

Adames, Nathan. Private, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted July 31, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Petersham. 

Adames, Nathan. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Livermore's co. ; enlisted July 8, 1779; 
discharged Oct. 4, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 27 days, with guards at Rutland. Roll 
dated Spencer. 

Adames, Nathan, Andover. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; arrived at Springfield July 1, 1780 ; 
marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. Phineas Parker. 

Adames, Nathaniel, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's (Volunteer) co., 3d 
Essex Co. regt., commanded bj- Maj. Smith; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; company marched Oct. 2, 1777, to reinforce 
Gen. Gates at the Northward. 

Adames, Oliver. Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; 
discharged March 16, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Adames, Samiel. Private, Capt. George Minott's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 30, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 24 days. 

Adames, Samuel, Windsor. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Green's co.. Col. Barns's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; service, 11 days ; marched on an alarm to Saratoga. 

Adames, Thomas. Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; 
discharged March 16, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Adames, Thomas, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's (Volunteer) co., 3d 
Essex Co. regt., commanded by Maj. Smith; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; company marched Oct. 2, 1777, to reinforce 
Gen. Gates at the Northward. 

Adamos, Joshua, Egremont. Capt. IngersoU's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Adams, . [This name also appears under the form of Aadams, Adam, Adames, 

Adamos, Ademes, Adems, Admas, Adomes, Adoms, Addams, Addms, Addoms, 
Addums.] 

Adams, . Recommendation dated Braintree, May 13, 1775, given by Abigail 

Adams, that said Adams having served creditably as Captain he be appointed 
Major. 

Adams, . Ensign, list of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Sept. 21, 1776; served in Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; pro- 
moted 1st Lieutenant vice Lieut. French advanced. 

Adams, , Harpswell. Private, Capt. George White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's 

regt. ; enlisted Jan. 3, 1777 ; roll for rations made up to May 5, 1777, 121 days. 

Adams, , Medfield. List of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, agreeal)Ie 

to a warrant issued May 8, 1777, by Lieut. Baxter; reported paid money in lieu 
of service. 

Adams, . Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 

regt.; enlisted July 21,1777; discharged Aug. 15, 1777 ; service, 26 days; marched 
to Fort Edward, N. Y. 



34 ^lASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAH^ORS 

Adams, . 2d Lientemint, brigantine " Satisfaction," commanded by Capt. Nathaniel 

Thayer; petition dated Boston, April 1, 1778. 

Adams, . Doctor, Lieut. Col. Sprout's (2d) regt. ; return of officers dated Phila- 
delphia, July 19, 1783; reported belonging to the 4th regt., but serving with the 
2d regt. 

Adams, . Lieutenant, Cajjt. Smith's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. [year not given]. 

Adams, , East Hoosuck. List of men signed l)y Col. Loammi Baldwin [year not 

given] ; reported also called "William Foy. 

Adajis, Aarox, Sutton. Private, Capt. Samuel Sibley's co., which marched April 21, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Braintree; service, 7 days; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co.. Col. Jonatlian Holman's regt. ; 
service, 43 days; marched to Providence, 11. L, on the alarm of Dec, 1776; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. March Chase's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's (Worcester Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 26, 1777; service, 30 days ; marched 
to Saratoga to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Aarox. Capt. Oilman's co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; return of men in ser- 
vice, Nov. 9, 1776, dated North Castle; also, receipt for wages for Oct., Nov. and 
Dec, 1776; also, return of men in service Jan., 1777, dated Springfield. 

Adams, Aarox. Private, Capt. Samuel Goodrich's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1779; discharged Aug. 22, 1779; service, 
1 ino. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Adams, Aauox. Private, Capt. William Foord's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Adams, Abel. Private, list of men returned as serving on main guard under Col. 
Loammi Baldwin, at Prospect Hill, July 16, 1775. 

Adams, Abel, Lincoln. Capt. William Smith's co., Col. John Nixon's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Camljridge, June 10, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company 
return dated Sept. 30, 1775 ; also, Capt. John Hartwell's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. ; service, 5 days ; called out March 4, 1776, to fortify Dorchester Heights ; 
also, Capt. Samuel Farrar, Jr.'s, co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; list of men drafted or 
enlisted, dated Aug. 14, 1777. 

Adams, Abel. Corporal, Capt. George Minot's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 25 days, in 
Northern department. 

Adams, Abel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Fletcher's (1st) co., 7th Middlesex Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 6, 1780 ; also. Lieu- 
tenant, Capt. Asa Drury's co.. Col. Turner's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1781; dis- 
charged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Abel, Brookline. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 j'rs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; arrived at Springfield July 17, 1780; 
marched to camp July 17, 1780, under command of Capt. Al)ner Howard; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised liy the town of Brookline for service in the Con- 
tinental Army during 1780; marched June 8, 1780; discharged Dec 8, 1780; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 11 days. 

Adams, Abijah, Warwick. Capt. Icha))od Dexter's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 20, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Petty's co., Hamp- 
shire Co. regt., dated April, 1779; enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 35 

Adams, Akijah. Private, Capt. Robert Davis's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
1 mo. 7 days ; companj- raised for secret expedition to Rhode Island ; roll sworn 
to in Suffolk Co., Dec. 4, 1777. 

Adams, Abijah, Taunton. Col. Ansell's reirt. ; certificate of enlistment given by Maj. 
James Williams, Jr., 3d Bristol Co. regt., dated Taunton, March 1, 1779; also, 
certificate of service dated Taunton, April 6, 1779, given by Col. Angell; joined 
prior to Aug. 15, 1777. 

Adams, Abijah. Matross, certificate dated Boston, March 23, 1787, given by Joshua 
Wetherbee, certifj'ing service in an artillery company under Gen. Lincoln. 

Adams, Abner, Townsend. Private, Capt. Samuel Douglass's co., Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Job Shattuck's co , Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; pay abstract for 
mileage, etc., from Saratoga, dated Jan. 26, 1777; also, Private (formerly Ser- 
geant in town militia), Capt. James Hosley's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; discharged Nov. 9, 1777; service, 1 mo. 15 days; com- 
pany of volunteers raised from Townsend, Pepperell and Ashbj- to reinforce 
Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Adams, Abneh. Private, Lieut. Noah Dickinson's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 21, 1777 ; service, 4 days, 
on an alarm at New Providence ; also, list of men credited with 8 months 1 week 
service. 

Adams, Abner. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1780 ; service, 6 days ; marched from 
Windsor to Shaftsbury, Yt., by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Adams, Abneh. Private, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated March, 1783. 

Adams, Abraham, Newbury. Drummer, Lieut. John Bricket's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 
4 days. 

Adajis, Abraham, Brookfield. Sergeant, Capt. Asa Danforth's (Volunteer) co.. Col. 
Converse's regt. ; service, 22 days; company marched Sept. 23, 1777, to join Gen. 
Gates's army; also, list of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of 
Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited with 2^ months service. 

Adams, Abraham, Jr., Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d 
precinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited with Uj months service. 

Adams, Adam, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Nicholas Blasdell's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allow-ance from Albany to Haverhill, in 1776. 

Adams, Adam, Harpswell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Nehemiah Curtis's (1st) co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d Cumberland Co.) regt., 
dated Dec. 15, 1777; joined Capt. Reed's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years; also, Corporal, Capt. John Reed's co., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; 
muster return dated Jan. 12, 1778 ; reported left sick in Boston ; also, Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1778; reported 
deserted. 

Adams, Alexander, Virginia. Seaman, brig "Stark," commanded by Capt. Ezra 
Ober; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 14, 1780; age, 23 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light. 

Adams, Allen. Private, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co.. Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 28, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 10 days ; marched 
on an alarm bv order of Gen. Fellows. 



36 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Ambrose, Marblehead. Seaman, brigantine "Griffin;" list of crew sworn to 
by Gideon Henfield, Commander, May 23, 1780; also, sloop "Morning Star," 
commanded by Capt. John Ravill ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated 
Oct. 17, 1780; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light. 

Adams, Amos, Roxbury. Chaplain, Col. Brewer's regt. ; company return dated Rox- 
bury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; reported died Oct. 4, 177;"). 

Adams, Amos, Groton. Private, Capt. Henry Farwell's co., Col. "William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Adams, Amos. Private, Capt. James Perry's co., 16th regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
reported deserted Feb. 21, 1776 (this entry illegible, possibly " deceased "). 

Adams, Amos. Matross, Capt. Jonathan Stoddard's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to July 8, 1777, 2 months. 

Adams, Amos. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Richardson's (Artillery) co., 4th Worces- 
ter Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 11, 1778. 

Adams, Amos, Brook field. Private, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, which 
marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 
12 days ; a/so, Sergeant, Capt. Asa Danforth's (Volunteer) co., Col. Converse's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; service, 22 days; company marched to join Gen. 
Gates's army ; also, list of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of 
Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited with 16 months service. 

Adams, Amos. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light Infan- 
try) regt.; enlisted Sept. 13, 1779; discharged Nov. 16, 1779; service, 2 mos. 8 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Amos. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F.Williams; 
enlisted Nov. 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 8 mos. 20 days; also. 
Acting Midshipman; enlisted Oct. 31, 1780; discharged Sept. 18, 1781; service, 
10 mos. 18 days. 

Adams, Amos, Lincoln. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 30 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, dark ; occupation, 
farmer ; enlisted Feb. 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adams, Amos. Private, Capt. Simeon Cole's co., Col. Dean's regt.; enlisted March 
6, 1781; discharged March 15, 1781, b.y order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln; service, 10 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company raised for 40 days service in Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Amos. List of men hired by selectmen of Hingham to serve in Continental 
Army for term of 3 years, dated Jan. 14, 1782. 

Adams, Anderson. Carpenter, ship " General Putnam," commanded by Capt. Daniel 
Waters; enlisted July 9, 1779; service, 1 mo. 28 days, on Penobscot expedition. 

Adams, Andrew, Grafton. Corporal, Capt. Luke Drury's co., Gen. AVard's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

Adams, Andrew. Private, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; service, 41 days ; marched on an alarm to Providence, R. I. 

Adams, Andrew. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Lient. Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 5 days; marched on 
an alarm at Bennington. 

Adams, Andrew. Private, Capt. David Batcliellor's co.. Col. Tyler's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 6, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 37 

Adams, Andrew. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
July 1, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 5 mos., near Penobscot River. 

Adams, Ansel. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Aug. 22, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 14, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days, 
at Winter Hill. 

Adams, Axsel. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
6, 1779; discharged Sept. 16, 1779; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Falmouth, by 
order of Brig. Otis. 

Adams, Ansel, Barnstal)le. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, oft.; complexion, ruddy; arrived at Springfield July 22, 1780; marched 
to camp July 22,~1780, under command of Capt. William Scott; also, list of men 
raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having 
passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; aho, Private, 
Capt. Zeluilon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; pay roll for 6 
months men raised by the town of Barnstable for service in Continental Army 
during 1780; marched July 14, 1780; discharged Jan. 22, 1781; also, muster roU 
for Jan., 1781, dated West Point. 

Adams, Asa, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Henry Leland's co.. Col. John BuUard's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 11 days. 

Adams, Asa, New Ipswich. Private, descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Ezra 
Town's CO., Col. James Read's regt.; birthplace, Groton; age, 24 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, fair; eyes, light; occupation, farmer; enlisted April 23, 
1775; mustered July 11, 1775; reported sick and absent. 

, Adams, Asa. List of men who received wages for Oct. [probably, 1775] . 

Adams, Asa. Petition dated Concord, Sept. 30, 1777, asking for addition to wages for 
service in Capt. Isaac Wood's co. guarding Continental stores at Little Cam- 
bridge, Concord, Sudbury, etc. ; granted Jan. 21, 1778. 

Adams, Asa, Medway. Receipt for wages for service on Canadian expedition, dated 
July 24, 1776; also, Private, list of men who went to Rhode Island for 27 days, 
dated Aug. 15, 1778. 

Adams, Asa. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; enlisted 
April 1, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, ^vith guards at 
Roxbury. 

Adams, Asa. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days, 
at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ada3is, Asa. Private, Capt. Joseph McNall's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt. ; 
enlisted May 12, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 23 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Adams, Asa. Corporal, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Asa, Lincoln (also given Concord). Fifer, Capt. Edmund Bemis's co., Col. 
Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1 day ; also, receipt for advance pay dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 4, 
1775; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, certificate of service in 
support of an order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 25, 
1775; reported served until Sept. 11, 1775; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
belonging to Suffolk Co., returned April 27, 1777, by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master; mustered by Lieut. Hiwell ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, 



38 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ada3IS, Asa, continued. 

brown; occupation, gentleman soldier; joined Col. Crane's regt. ; enlistment, 
during war; also, Gunner, Capt. Benjamin Frotliinghani's co., Col. John Crane's 
(Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 25, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for Sept., Oct. and Nov., 1777; reported on 
command at the Park ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to May 25, 1780 ; reported deserted May 25, 1780 ; also, return for gratuity 
dated Park near Morristown, Jan. 28, 1780. 

Adam.s, Asa. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at 
West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ad.vms, Asa. Private, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards serving at Boston; pay 
rolls for service from Sept. 1, 1779, to Oct. 6, 1780, 13 mos. 6 days. 

Adams, Barxabas. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 2G, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1777 ; service, 25 days ; 
marched to Saratoga, by order of Maj. Gen. Gates. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Adajis, Benjamin, Lynn. Drummer, Capt. Nathaniel Bancroft's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

AUA3IS, Benjamin, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cudworth's co.. Col. Abijah 
Peirce's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Adams, Benjamin, Newbury. Private, Lieut. John Brickett's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 
4 days. 

Adams, Benjamin, Rowley. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Spafford's co.. Col. Samuel Ger- 
rish's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 3 days ; reported as belonging to alarm list. 

Adams, Benjamin, Hojikinton. Private, Capt. John Ilomes's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Adams, Benjamin, Boston. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co., Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 8, 1775; service, 
23 days; also. Corporal; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, 
Oct. 25, 1775. 

Adams, Benjamin, Beverly. Private, Capt. Larkin Thorndike's (1st) co., which 
marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 2^ days; also, 
Capt. John Low's co., Col. Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted May 12, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days ; also, order for l)ounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 21, 1775. 

Adams, Benjamin, Liverpool. Private, Capt. John Low's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 30, 1775 ; also, company return 
dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Adams, Benjamin, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co.. Col. Timotliy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for l)ounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Adams, Benjamin, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3 days ; reported as l)elonging 
to alarm list ; also, Capt. Fuller's co., Col. Thatcher's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 
1776 ; discharged March 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 39 

Adams, Benjamin, Townsend. Private, Capt. Samuel Douglass's co.. Col. James 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; 
also, Private (formerly Corporal in local militia), Capt. James Hosley's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; discharged Nov. 9, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 15 days; company of volunteers raised from Townsend, Pepperell and 
Ashby to reinforce Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Adams, Benjamin. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Coun- 
cil of May 12, 1777. 

Adams, Benjamin, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's (Volunteer) co.. Col. 
Converse's regt.; service, 13 days; marched from Brookfield Sept. 2.3, 1777, to 
join Gen. Gates's armj-. 

AD.VMS, Benjamin, Rowley. Captain, Col. Jedediah Huntington's regt.; return of 
men in service at Roxbury, Dec. 22, 1775; also, list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned Feb. 3, 1776; also. Col. Johnson's regt.; enlisted Aug. 18, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 27 days, in Northern department. 

Adams, Benjamin, Medwaj'. List of men in ser\'ice at various times subsequent to 
April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Adams, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Edmund Longley's co., Col. Cogswell's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 10, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 23 days ; company 
detached to guard and fortify posts in and about Boston. 

Adams, Benjamin. Private, Capt. T. Mellen's co.. Col. A. Perry's regt. ; enlisted July 
28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 10, 1780 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Benjamin. Seaman, brig " Adventure," commanded J)y Capt. James Morris; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 26, 1780; age, 10 yrs. ; com- 
plexion, light; hair, light. 

Adams, Benjamin, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
ObadiahBeals's co., dated Cohasset, Feb. 16, 1778; enlisted for town of Cohasset; 
joined Capt. Browne's co., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. 
Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from May 22, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Lieut. Thomas 
Lamb's co. ; pay rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence ; also, pay 
rolls for Sept. and Nov., 1778, and March, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, Capt. 
Thomas Turner's (9th) co. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, 
pay roll dated Camp at Providence, July 10, 1779; also, Capt. Turner's co., Col. 
Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
May 22, 1780. 

Adams, Benjamin, Jr., Rowley. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Spatford's co., Col. Samuel 
Gerrish's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 6 days ; returned home April 23, 1775. 

Adams, Benoni, Charlton.' Fifer, Capt. William Campbell's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Leamed's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 12 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 21, 1775. 

Adams, Benoni. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Healey's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt.; service, 43 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island, Dec, 1776. Roll dated 
Providence, R. I. 

Adams, Benoni. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Clap's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 17 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 



40 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Black. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Freeman's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's 

(Barnstable Co.) reirt. ; enlisted Sept. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 

2 nios. 4 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Boston Jack, Roxbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. ."> in.; complexion, nepro; hair, wool; occupation, farmer; enlisted 
April 12, 1782; joined Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Adams, Bulklet, AVeston. Private, Capt. John Ilartwell's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 9, 1776; service, 5 days; called 
out to fortify Dorchester Heights; also, Capt. Hartwell's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men for service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; reported making 
cartridges in Boston; also, Capt. Francis Brown's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. 
Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. I^awson Buck- 
minster's (2d) CO., Col. Abner Perry's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Caleb. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, in North- 
ern department. 

Adams, Caleb. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted March 12, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 9 mos. 
10 days, at Winter Hill. 

Adams, Caleb. Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
25, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days, guarding and fortify- 
ing posts in and near Boston. 

Adajis, Caleb. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards ; enlisted Feb. 3, 
1779; discharged May 2, 1779; service, 3 mos., at Boston, under Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Adams, Caleb, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men, dated July 22, 1780; Capt. 
Wise's CO., Col. Edward Proctor's (Boston) regt.; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, light; enlistment, 3 months; marched under command of 
Brig. Gen. John Fellows; also. Private, Lieut. AVilliam Bird's co.. Col. Tliayer's 
(SufiFolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 19, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 

3 mos. 3 days, at West Point ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Adams, Charles, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted Ma}' 2, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, receipt for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Adams, Charles, Concord. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 
18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, mulatto; hair, black ; eyes, black; occu- 
pation, laborer; enlisted Feb. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adams, Charles. Ship "Aurora" (privateer), commanded by Capt. David Porter; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, June 16, 1781; age, 21 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 

Adams, Daniel, Boxford. Private, Capt. John Cashing's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Adams, Daniel, Newljury. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ajml 24, 1775; service, 18 days; 
also, company return [prol)al)ly Oct., 1775] ; age, 20 yrs. ; discharged May 12, 
1775; also, Capt. Silas Adams's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt.; service, 2 mos.; roll 
dated June 29, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 41 

Adams, Daniel, Westborough. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Maj. Gen. 

Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15^ days ; 
also, list of men in Capt. Brigham's co. ; enlisted May 3, 1775. 

Adams, Daniel, Boston. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. J. Brewer's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 13, 1775; service, 1 mo. 14 days; 
also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; reported drafted in the 
traip. 

Adams, Daniel. Private, Capt. Daniel Hawes's co., Col. Samuel H. Parsons's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; list of men on an enlistment agreement, dated Camp at 
Roxbury, Feb. 24, 1776 ; enlisted Dec. 5, 1775. 

Adams, Daniel. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co. ; pay abstract for service prior to 
April, 1776. 

Adams, Daniel. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 16, 1776 ; tried by general court-martial, Brig. St. Clair, presi- 
dent, charged with mutiny, found not guilty. 

Adams, Daniel, Sanford. Private, Capt. Samuel Leighton's co., Col. James Scam- 
mon's (30th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 5 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Abel Moulton's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Titcomb's regt.; service, 2 mos. 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; roll dated 
July 22, 1777 ; also, pay roll for service from June 2, 1777, to July 18, 1777, 1 mo. 
17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams. Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. John Bodwell's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; pay rolls for service between April 2, 1778, and Dec. 16, 1778, 8 mos. 
4 days, at Winter Hill and Cambridge. 

Adams, Daniel, Townsend. Sergeant, Lieut. Daniel Sherwin's co., Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cam- 
bridge; service, 5 days; discharged April 23, 1775; also. Clerk, Capt. James 
Hosley's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 9, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days ; company raised from Townsend, 
Pepperell and Ashby to reinforce Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Adams, Daniel, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Titcomb's 
regt. ; discharged June 27, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at Providence, R. I. 

Adams, Daniel. Corporal, Capt. John Oliver's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
service, 104 days, in Jerseys ; roll dated Aug. 12, 1777. 

ADA3IS, Daniel, Barre. Capt. Benjamin Nye's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 25, 1777; service, 10 days; company 
marched to reinforce army at Bennington, under command of Gen. Stark ; also. 
Private, Capt. Nye's co., Maj. Jonas Wilder's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777 ; dis- 
charged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 29 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Daniel. Lieutenant, list of prisoners returned by Col. Johonnot, dated Feb. 24, 
1778 ; exchanged for British prisoner, Richard Emmes, mate of ship " Maesguin." 
[See David Adams.] 

Adams, Daniel, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to 
April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Adams, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted July 31, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Petersham. 

Adams, Daniel. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Dec. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 



42 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Daniel. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 7, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 27 days ; company detached 
to fortify a post at Boston. 

Adams, Daniel. Captain,CounciI warrant dated Jan. 22, 1779; money paid on account 
of arms, etc., lost when said Adams was taken liy the enemy. 

Adams, Daniel, Boston. Ship "Junius Brutus," commanded by Capt. John Leach; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Salem, June lo, 1780; age, 32 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10. in ; complexion, dark. 

Adams, Daniel, Jr., Barre. Private, Capt. Benjamin Nye's co., Maj. Jonas Wilder's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 29 days ; inarched 
to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Daniel. 1st Lieutenant, brigantine "Independence," commanded by Capt. 
Samson ; list of officers commissioned Sept. 19, 1776 ; reported commission altered 
Feb. 18, 1777, to allow said Adams to go on lioard brigantine " Freedom," com- 
manded by Capt. Jolin Clouston ; also, brigantine " Independence ; " pay rolls for 
service from April 30, 1776, to Jan. 20, 1777, 8 mos. 20 days ; crew sent under com- 
mand of Lieut. Adams to convey prize brigantine "Nancy" to Plymouth; rolls 
dated Plymouth ; a/so, brigantine " Freedom ; " enlisted Aug. 4, 1777 ; discharged 
April 21, 1778; service, 8 mos. 17 days; also, pay abstract for 7 months service 
prior to Nov. 30, 1778; reported detained at New York ; also, petition dated Bos- 
ton, April 20, 1782, asking for the commission of said Adams as commander of 
the sloop " Lively ; " approved April 22, 1782 ; also, petition dated Nov. 18, 1782, 
asking for the commission of said Adams to command schooner [name not given] . 

Adams, Darus, Sandisfield. Private, (late) Capt. George King's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 24, 
1777; service, 3 mos. 8 days; enlistment to expire March l.i, 1777; muster roll 
dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 2'), 1777 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Col. Ashley's regt.; joined Capt. Noah Allen's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Allen's co.. Col. 
Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) resit,; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from June 6, 1777, to July 13, 1778; reported died July 13, 1778; also, muster 
rolls for April and May, 1778, dated Valley Forge; also, muster roll for June, 
1778, dated Camp Greenwich. 

Ad.vms, Davenport. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. Hopkins's regt. ; enlisted 
July 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 1, 1776; service, 17 days; marched on an alarm 
to the Highlands, N. Y. ; also, Capt. Wheeler's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 27, 1777 ; service, 20 days ; 
marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. ; also, Lieut. Eleazer Taylor's co., Col. John 
Ashley's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 20, 1777 ; service, 4 days ; 
marched on an alarm at Bennington as far as Pittsfield ; also, Capt. John Collar's 
CO., Col. Ashley's regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780; service, 6 days; marched on an 
alarm t(j the Northward, l)y order of Gen. Fellows. 

Adams, David, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177o; service, 3 days. 

Adams, David, Gilsum, N. H. Private, Capt. .leremiah Stiles's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sargent's (28th) regt.; mnster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.'); enlisted May lo, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 22 days; «/.so, company return [probably Oct., 1775]; also, an 
account of clothing lost at Lexington and Bunker Hill, dated Camp at Cam- 
bridge, Dec. 1, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Dec. 20, 1775. 

Adams, David, Northampton. Drummer, Capt. Robert Webster's co.. Col. Fellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
8 days ; also, company returh dated Dorchester, Oct. 8, 1775. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 43 

Adams, David. Capt. John Ford's co. ; receipt for wages, etc., dated Ticonderoga, 
Aug. 28, 1776; also, receipt dated Ticonderoga, Oct. 2, 1776. 

Adams, David, Amherst. Drummer, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Ruggles 
"NVoodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, 
in 1776. 

Adams, David, Boston. Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (2d) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 
7 days ; reported attended in hospital. 

Adams, David. 1st Lieutenant, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston; engaged Jan. 20, 1777; discharged Aug. 4, 1777; service, 6 mos. 
14 days; also, Mate, brigantine "Freedom;" list of prisoners returned in 
exchange for British prisoners sent to New York in cartel brig "Favorite;" 
exchanged for Richard Emmes. [Also given Daniel Adams.] 

Adams, David, Newbury. Sergeant, Capt. Silas Adams's co.. Col. Titcomb's re.gt.; 
service, 2 mos. ; roll dated June 29, 1777. 

Ad.vjis, David. Private, Capt. J. B. Varnum's co., Col. Spaulding's regt.; abstract 
of equipments for train band [year not given] . 

Adams, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s, (1st) co.. Col. Palmer's regt.; 
enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 14, 1776; service, 10 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Ebenezer "Washburn's co., Col. Thomas Lothrop's 
regt., Brig. Joseph Cushing's brigade; service, 17 days in Dec, 1776; marched 
on an alarm to Bristol, R. I. Roll dated Kingston. 

Adams, Ebexezer. Corporal, Capt. William "Watkins's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777 ; 
muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; reported sick in camp. 

Adams, Ebexezer, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 5 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island, under Gen. Heath ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. ; 
also, pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1780, to Aug. 8, 1780, 10 days, under Gen. 
Heath ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm ; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men raised agreeable to an order of General Court of Dec. 2, 1780 ; Capt. "Will- 
marth's CO., 1st regt.; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, brown ; eyes, blue ; occupation, tailor ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adams, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Seth Banister's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt. ; enlisted Feb. 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; muster rolls for May and July, 
1781, dated Phillipsburg ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill ; 
also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village ; also, muster rolls for 
Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Adams, Edmtxd. Private, Capt. John Moody's co., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Adams, Edward, Charlton. Private, Capt. Samuel Curtis's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 18 days. 

Adajis, Edward. Private, Capt. Jonas Richardson's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 9, 1775 ; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted April 29, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Adams, Edward, Lincoln. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. ; service, 5 days ; called out March 4, 1776, to fortify Dorchester Heights ; 
also. Corporal, Capt. John Hartwell's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in ser- 
vice from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 



44 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Edward, Milton. Private, Capt. Josiah Vose's co. ; enlisted April 13, 1776 •, 
discharged April 26, 1776 ; service, 12 days, on sea-coast defence. 

Adams, Edwaiu), Boston. Bombardier, Capt. Thomas Melville's (2d) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay rolls for service from May 19, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776 ; 
also, Corporal; pay rolls for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to May 8, 1777. 

Adams, Edward. Private, Capt. Samuel Farrar's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; company drafted 
from Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. to reinforce army at the Northward under Gen. 
Gates. 

Adams, Edward. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army ; mustered March 
3, 1778, by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master for Worcester Co. ; joined Capt. 
Holden's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Adams, Edward. List of men mustered in Bristol Co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; 
returned by James Leonard, Muster Master, July 7, 1778; enlistment, 6 months; 
raised for service at llliode Island. 

Adams, Edward, Dighton. Private, Capt. Jacob Fuller's co., Col. John Jacol)s'8 
regt.; enlisted July 29, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 raos. 4 days, at 
Rhode Island; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Adams, Edward. Muster Master's receipt given by John Cushing, Muster Master for 
Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlisted for town of Methuen; enlist- 
ment, 9 months, agreeable to resolve of June 9, 1779. 

Adams, Edward, Taunton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Adams, Edward. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; en- 
listed March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 10 days, at Rhode 
Island ; 40 days levies. 

Adams, Edward. Private, Capt. Elihu Gifford's co.. Col. Turner's regt. ; enlisted 
July 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 19 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, ") months ; company raised in Barnstaljle and Bristol 
counties. 

Adams, Edward, Woburn. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [no date]. 

Adams, Edwix, Taunton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, o ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; 
marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. Daniel Shay. 

Adams, Ei.kazkr, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ithamer Wright's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; returned home April 28, 1775; 
also, list of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of Brooktield, dated 
June 30, 1778 ; credited with 4J months service. 

Adams, Eliakim, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of April 19 
and April 30, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. Cobb's co.. Col. Read's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 days; 
also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, Capt. Josiah Fuller's 
CO., Col. Wheelock's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1770; dischai'ged Jan. 1, 1777; ser- 
vice, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Warwick, R. I.; also, 
list of men drafted to go to Providence, R. I., on an alarm, dated April 18, 1777; 
also, Sergeant, Capt. Adam Peters's co.. Col. How's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 27 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 
Capt. Moses Adams's co., Maj. Seth bullard's (4th SutTolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, K. I. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 45 

Adams, Elias. List of men in Capt. Nathan Thayer's co. ; service, 3 mos. [year not 

given] . 

Adams, Elias, Medway. Descriptive list of enlisted men detached from Capt. BuUen's 
CO.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; enlisted Aug. 16, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 months ; also, Private, Capt. John Lincoln's co.. Col. Joseph Webb's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days. 

Adams, Elihu, Braintree. Captain of a company in Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, under command of Lieut. David 
Lenfield ; service, 4 days. 

Adams, Elijah, Medfield. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return of 
equipments mad£ up to June 10, 1776; age, 32 yrs.; detached May 27 [.vear not 
given] ; also, certificate dated July 3, 1776, attested by Capt. Mann, stating that 
said Adams was unnecessarily absent from Medfield militia ; also, list of men 
drafted July 19, 1776 ; also, list of men raised to serve until Dec. 1, 1776, as rein- 
forcements to Continental Army at Canada, agreeable to order of General Court 
of June 2o and July 11, 1776 ; reported drafted, but paid bounty in lieu of service ; 
also, list of men who served, or hired a man to serve, in Rhode Island for 3 weeks 
from or about Dec. 28, 1776, under Capt. Lovell. 

ADA3IS, Elijah. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's regt. ; 
service, 1 mo. 15 days, in and about Boston, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 16, 1777. 

Adams, Elisha, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Adams, Elisha, Holliston. Private, Capt. Jacob Miller's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 15, 1775; service, 
17 days ; also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Adams, Elisha, Springfield. Fifer, Capt. Seth Murray's co.. Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
Woodbridge's (25th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 30, 
1775 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days ; also, Drummer, company return dated Sept. 30, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cam- 
bridge, Oct. 25, 1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
3d CO., 1st Hampshire Co. regt. ; joined Capt. Asa Cobum's co.. Col. Alden's 
regt.; enlistment to expire Jan., 1780. 

Adams, Elisha, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to April 
19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Adams, Elisha. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Emanuel. Private, Capt. James Gregg's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlistment, 
during war; reported on duty at garrison in April, 1781. 

Adams, Emersox. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Foster's regt.; enlisted 
July 29, 1776; service, 3 mos. 21 days; stationed at Gloucester. 

Adams, Emersox, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt.. Gen. Warner's brigade; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Dec. 14, 1777; 
service, 4 mos. ; company raised from 3d regt. Mass. militia for service in Northern 
department; stationed at Peekskill. 

Adams, Enoch. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6 days. 

Adams, Enoch. Private, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 30, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. Roll dated New Castle. 



46 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Enoch. Corporal, Capt. Jonathan Poor's co. ; return of men in service for 
6 weeks, dated Newbury, March 18, 1777. 

Adams, Enoch, Medfield. List of men enrolled on alarm list talvcn to June 10, 1776; 
also, list of men who received money for "turns done in last wars in the days of 
Capt. Morse the 1st, and Capt. Coolidiie," dated Nov. 17, 1776 ; also, list of men 
drafted to serve 2 months in Rliode Island, a^'reealile to a warrant issued l)y Col. 
Wheelock, dated April 27, 1777 ; reported drafted, Iiut hired Simeon Clark to serve 
in his place ; also, list of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, dated Sept. 
16, 1777 ; reported paid money in lieu of service. 

Adams, Enoch. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Au.i;. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 nios. 28 days, in 
Northern department. 

Adams, Enoch, Jr., Newbury. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridsre; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Gerrish's 
CO., Col. Moses Little's regt ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted April 24, 
1775; service, 3 mos. l-t days; also, company return [prol)al)ly Oct., 1775] ; age, 
18 yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 27, 
1775 ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 11, 1778; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark. 

Adajis, Ephraim, Townsend. Private, Capt. Samuel Dousilass's co.. Col. James 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; 
also, Capt. Henry Farwell's co., Col. William Prescott's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 19, 1775; service, 13 days; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; reported sick and absent. 

Adams, Ephraim, Braintree. Private, Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 7, 1775; ser-\nce, 
1 mo. 3 days; also, company return dated Camp at Boston, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camlmdge, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Adams, Ephraim, Lexington. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Faulkner's co.. 
Col. Bridge's regt.; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; term of 
enlistment, 9 months, agreeable to resolve of June 9, 1779 ; delivered to Capt. J. 
Cooper; also. Private, Capt. Dix's co.. Col. Wesson's (9th) regt.; enlisted July 
18, 1779; discharged April 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Adams, Ezekiei,, Ilopkinton. Private, Capt. John Ilomes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Adams, Ezekiel. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

Adams, Ezekiel. Private, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; service, 21 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec, 1776; marched to 
Providence, R. I. 

Adams, Ezekiel, Medfield. List of men who received money for " turns done in last 
war in the days of Capt. Morse the 1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 1776 ; 
also, list of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, agreeable to warrant 
issued May 8, 1777, by Lieut. Baxter ; paid money in lieu of service. 

Adams, Ezekiel, Portsmouth, N. H. Ship " America," commanded by Capt. Jolm 
Somes; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 9, 1780; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light. 

Adams, Ezekiel, Jr., Ipswich. Private, Capt. Elisha Whitney's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Mystic ; service, 4 days ; also, served 16 days 
on an alarm at Cambridge, May 1, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 47 

Adams, Francis. Private, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; service, 21 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island, in Dec, 1776; marched to 
Providence, R. I. 

Adams, George, Lexington. Private, Capt. John Parker's co. ; enlisted June 17, 
1775; discharged June 18, 1775; service, 2 daj-s ; reported on command at Cam- 
bridge, by order of the Committee of Safety. 

Ad.\3Is, George, "Wrentham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Pond's co., Maj. Metcalf's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 177G; discharged Dec. 11, 1776; service, 3 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; marched to Providence and Warwick, R. I. 

Adams, Gershom, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 11 days ; also, Capt. 
Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return of equipments made up to June 10, 1776; 
age, 31 yrs.; aho, list of men raised to serve until Dec. 1, 1776, as reinforcement 
to Continental Army at Canada, agreeable to order of General Court of June 25 
and July 11, 1776; reported drafted, but paid bounty in lieu of service; also, list 
of men drafted July 19, 1776, to assist in forming two regiments; also, Capt. 
Mann's co., Maj. Metcalf's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 30, 1776; 
service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; ordered to march to Court House, 
Providence, thence to "Warwick Neck, R. I.; also, list of men who went on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island for 30 days, from Oct. 1, 1777, agreeable to 
a warrant issued by Col. Hawes ; reported drafted. 

Adams, Gershom. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Hemax, Sandwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to resolve 
of June 9, 1779; Capt. Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light ; enlistment, 9 months ; delivered to Capt. J. Tisdale ; 
also, Capt. Page's co.. Col. Smith's (13th) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1779; dis- 
charged May 17, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Adajis, Henry. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. as returned by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Jan. 19, 1777; Maj. Ebenezer Stevens's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

A-DA3IS, Henry, Ireland. Matross, Capt. Winslow's co.. Col. John Crane's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 3, 1777, to July 5, 1777; 
reported deserted. 

Adams, Henry. Surgeon's Mate, Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, list of 
officers of Massts. Line, dated Cambridge, April 8, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for 
wages to March 20, 1779, dated Soldier's Fortune; also, return dated West Point, 
Sept. 12, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return of officers dated Orangetown, Oct. 7, 1780; also. 
Surgeon, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; muster rolls of field and staff offi- 
cers for wages, etc., from May 14, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783; also, order for wages 
dated West Point, Dec. 26, 1783. 

Adams, Hugh. Sailor, ship " G. Pickering," commanded by Capt. Jonathan Hara- 
den ; ship taken bj- British while on cruise to West Indies ; roll sworn to Nov. 
10, 1780. 

Ada-ms, Isaac. Private, Capt. Stephen Kent's co. ; pay rolls for service from July 14, 
1775, to Dec. 9, 1775, 5 mos. 6 days ; stationed at Newbury ; also, order for wages 
dated Gloucester, Dec. 10, 1775. 

ADAiis, Is.\.\.c. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co. ; enlisted Jul.v 9, 1776 ; discharged 
Nov. 19, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 14 days ; stationed at Plum Island. 



48 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Isaac. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
pay rolls for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to April 3, 1778, 4 mos. 22 days, at 
Caml)rid;;e and Charlestown ; company detached Nov. 5, 1777, to guard Geu. 
Burgoyne's army ; also, muster roll for Feb., 1778, dated Winter Hill. 

Adams, Isaac. Drummer, Capt. John Gill's (4th) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's (.\rtillery) 
regt. ; pay roll for 2 mos. 24 days service prior to Aug. 1, 1777 ; also, pay roll for 
service from Aug. 1, 1777, to Oct. 1, 1777, 2 mos. ; also, list of men entitled to a 
bounty, dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Adams, Isaac. List of men in Capt. Amos Lincoln's co.. Col. Crafts's regt., who 
received bounty for 8 months service, from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

Adams, Isaac. Drummer, Col. Revere's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 8, 1777, to March 19, 1779. 

Adams, Isaac Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted March 23, 1779; discharged 
May 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. II days, at Boston; roll made up for 3 months ser- 
vice; reported failed to pass muster or transferred. 

Adams, Isaac. Drummer, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's 
detachment of guards; enlisted May 22, 1779; discharged June 25, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 4 days, in and about Boston. 

Adams, Isaac, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men returned by Justin Ely, Com- 
missioner, as received from Stephen Badlam at Springfield, July 9, 1779; Capt. 
Belcher's co., Boston regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. .5^ in.; complexion, fair; 
hair, sand}' ; eyes, gray ; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at Springfield ; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men, dated July 22, 1780; Capt. Cooke's co.. Col. 
Edward Proctor's (Boston) regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, 
brown; enlistment, 3 months; marched under Brig. Gen. John Fellows; also, 
Capt. Benjamin Gould's co. ; list of men serving 3 months in 1780. 

Adams, Isaac. Marine, ship "Protector," commanded bj- Capt. John F. "Williams; 
engaged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 6 mos. 5 days; reported captured May », 1781; 
also, Seaman, ship " Protector; " pay roll for service from time of capture, May 
5, 1781, to the date of return from captivity, Aug. 14, 1782, 15 mos. 9 days. 

Adams, Israel, Ipswich. Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's 
38th) regt.; return of men in service Aug., 1775, dated Camp at Chelsea; enlisted 
May 1, 1775; also, company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Adams, Issachar, Medway. Private, Capt. Samuel Cobb's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; 
also, company return dated Camp at Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Adams, Ithamer, Holliston. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Samuel 
BuUard's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; 
8er^^ce, 11 days; also, Capt, Jacol) Miller's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 15, 1775; service, 17 days; also, 
company return dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; reported deceased 
Sept. 3, 1775. 

Adams, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joshua Tobey's co. ; enlisted Aug. 13, 1775; service, 
5 mos. 1 day. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Adams, Jacoh, Boston. Private, Capt. Natlian Watkins's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt.; enlisted May 1, 1776; muster roll for Nov., 1776, dated Garrison at Fort 
George ; rejjorted on duty in fleet ; also, Capt. Natlian Watkins's co.. Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; muster return made agreeable to order of Council of Dec. 26, 
1777 ; eidisted for town of Salem ; reported deserted. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 49 

Adams, Jacob. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Ebenezer 
Gove's (1st) CO., Col. William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) re«t., dated Feb. 21, 
1778; enlisted for town of lloxbiiry ; reported a stranger; joined Capt. Watson's 
CO., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; enlistment to expire April, 1780. 

Adams, Jacob. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co., Col. James Converse's regt.; 
enlisted July 23, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Ada3is, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 29 days ; 
marched to the Northward. 

Adams, Jacob. Private, Capt. Newell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted Nov. 
3, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1778 ; service, 15 days ; company detached from Gen. 
Warner's brigade, to guard troops of convention from Rutland to Enfield, Conn. ; 
also, Capt. Stephen Webster's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 
1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at Claverack; regiment 
raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under Gen. Washington. 

Adajms, Jacob. Private, Capt. Jonathan Ayer's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated Haverhill. 

Adams, Jacob. Petition dated Boston, Dec. 16, 1782, asking that said Adams be com- 
missioned as commander of the privateer " Mercy." 

Adams, James, Groton. Private, Capt. Henry Farwell's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Adams, James, New Braintree. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Leamed's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Adams, James. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Jan. 18, 1777; discharged April 3, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 14 days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 

Adams, James, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of 
Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 2^ months service. 

Adams, James. Private, Capt. Edward Richardson's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; 
pay roll for service from July 31, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778, 1 month. 

Adams, James. Seaman, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; 
engaged Nov. 30, 1778 ; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 20 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Adajis, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Heald's (Light Infantry) co., Col. John JacoI>s's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 15, 1779; service, 2 mos. 4 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, James, Lincoln. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; 
pay rolls for service from Nov. 3, 1777, to April 3, 1778; service, 5 mos., at 
Cambridge. 

ADA3IS, James, Wells. Private, Capt. Francis's co., Col. Tupper's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 26, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Adams, James. Private, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards; pay rolls for service 
from Nov. 1, 1779, to Oct. 12, 1780, 11 mos. 12 days; stationed at Boston. 

Adams, James, West Springfield. Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's 
regt.; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; discharged Sept. 21, 1775; 
also, Capt. Samuel Flower's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years 



60 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, James, continued. 

or during war; also, muster roll for Aug., 1777, dated Camp at Stillwater; re- 
ported mustered at Van Schaick's Island, Sept., 1777 ; also, muster rolls for Sept. 
and Dec, 1777, and Jan., 1778, dated Albany ; reported sick in hospital iu Dec, 
1777; reported deserted in Jan., 177S, but returned June 13, 1778; also, muster 
roll for May, 1778, dated Fort Constitution ; also, muster rolls for June, July 
and Aug., 1778, dated "White Plains; also, muster roll for Sept., 1778, dated 
Fredericksburg; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Camp Roxbury; also, 
muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, and Jan., 1779, dated Camp at Continental 
Village ; reported on command at Springtield, in Jan., 1779 ; also, muster rolls for 
Feb. and March, 1779, dated Camp near Croton River; reported on command at 
Springfield in Feb., 1779; also, muster roll for April, 1779, dated Crompond 
(Crown Point); also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated Camp Highlands; also, 
muster roll for June, 1779, dated Constitution Island ; also, muster rolls for July 
and Aug., 1779, dated Camp Highlands; also, muster roll for Sept., 1779, dated 
Camp Bedford ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1779, dated Camp near Peekskill ; also, 
Capt. Joseph Crocker's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 12, 1780 ; also, muster roll dated Continental 
Village, Jan. 13, 1780. 

Adams, Jamp:s. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt. ; muster roll for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlistment, 
during war 

Adams, James. Drummer, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlistment, 
during war; reported sick in camp, in April, 1781. 

Adams, Jamf.s. Sergeant, Capt. Leonard Bleeker's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Goose 
Van Schaick's (1st New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated 
West Point ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Adams, James, Boxford. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [no date]. 

Adams, Jedediah, Oxford. Private, Capt. John Wiley's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 6, 1777, to Sept. 19, 
1777; reported killed Sept. 19, 1777. 

Adams, Jedediah, Bowdoinham (also given Newburyport). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from 2d Essex Co. regt., dated Essex, Feb. 16, 1778; 
enlisted for town of Newburyport ; enlistment, 3 years ; joined Capt. William Bal- 
lard's CO., Col. Ichabod Alden's regt.; also, Private, Capt. Ballard's co., 'Col. 
Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, return of men dated Albany, Jan. 12, 1778 ; 
reported furloughed Jan. 30, 1778 ; also, muster rolls for March and April, 1779, 
dated Cherry Valley ; reported returned from desertion March 1"), 1779 ; detailed 
with Sergt. Emerson for deserters ; also, Capt. White's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 20, 1780. 

Adams, Jeremiah (also given as Jeremiah Andris). Private, Capt. Ezra Town's 
CO., Col. Read's regt. ; enlisted April 23, 1775 [service not given]. 

Adams, Jesse, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co., Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Adams, Jesse, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
1 week ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 20, 1775 ; also, list of men 
who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; 
credited with 17.i months service. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 51 

Adams, Jesse. Private, Capt. John Banister's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777 ; discharged Xov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at the Northward. 

Adams, Joel, Montague. Private, Capt. Rof>ert Oliver's co.. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, 
from Conway; service, 17 days. 

Adams, Joel, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's co.. Col. John Smith's regt., 
commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of April 19 and 
April 30, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Adams, Joel, Westminster. Private, Capt. Noah Miles's co., Col. John Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6 days ; 
reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Edmund Bemis's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 14 days ; also, receipt for wages dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 4, 1775 ; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for Ijounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Nov. 30, 1775. 

Adams, Joel, Wrentham. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Boyd's 
CO., Col. Greaton's (late Heath's) 36th regt.; company return dated Fort No. 2, 
Oct. 5, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 23, 1775 ; also, Capt. Lewis Whiting's co.. Col. 
Wheelock's regt. ; list of men in camp at Ticonderoga, Aug. 27, 1776 ; age, 24yrs. 

Adams, Joel. Private, Capt. John Banister's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777 ; reported deserted ; company raised for service at the Northward. 

Adams, Joel. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of Brookfield, 
dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 3 months service. 

Adams, Joel, Franklin. Descriptive list of men raised for the term of 9 months from 
the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 1778; Capt. Fairbanks's co.. Col. 
Hawes's regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; hair, black ; eyes, gray ; nation- 
ality, American; occupation, husbandman; conducted to camp by Capt. Davis. 
List dated Dorchester. 

Adams, Joel, Lincoln. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's 
regt.; marched Feb. 4, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days; descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Middlesex Co., agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; age, 32 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; occupation, 
farmer; enlisted March 6, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adams, Johx, Roxbury. Private, Capt. Lemuel Childs's co., Col. William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Adams, Johx, Northbridge. Private, Capt. Josiah Wood's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 5 days. 

Adams, John, Montague. Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Grover's co.. Col. Williams's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 18 days. 

Adams, Johx, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Nutting's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; also, mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, 
company return dated Camlu-idge, Oct. 2, 1775; reported absent; wounded June 
17, 1775. 

Adams, Johx, Sanford. Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co.. Col. James Scammon's (30th) 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 1, 1775. 



52 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, John, Milton. Corporal, Capt. Elijali Vose's cc. Col. Greaton's (late Heath's 
36th) reirt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2 [probaldy Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 2, 
1775. 

Adajis, John, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, 4th Sergeant, Capt. Nowell's 
CO.; payrolls for service from July 11, 1775, to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 
6 days ; stationed at Newburyport. 

Adams, Joiix, Acton. Corporal, Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; 
enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 10, 1776; service, 6 days; company 
called out to fortify Dorchester Heights. 

Adams, John, Arundel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Perkins's (4th) co., 3d York Co. 
regt. ; commissioned March 29, 1776. 

Adams, Johx, Andover. Lieutenant, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded by 
Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on tlie alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 3^ days; also, Capt. Lovejoy's (9th) co.. 
Col. Samuel Johnson's (4th Essex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned April 3, 1776. 

Adams, Johx, Alford. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Sylvanus Wilcox's (13th) co., 1st Berk- 
shire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 6, 1776. 

Adams, Johx. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co., Col. Cogswell's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
28, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. 2 days. Roll dated New 
Castle. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. John Walton's co. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776; discharged 
Dec. 21, 1776; service, 12 days, at Noddle's Island. 

Adams, Johx, Newton. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Wiswall's co., wliicli marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Lexington ; service, 4 daj's ; also, Capt. Phineas Cook's 
CO., Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated 
Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 26, 1775 ; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. James Swan's (1st) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; 
order for advance pay dated Boston, June 4, 1776 ; also, pay rolls for service from 
Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776; also, Capt. Philip Marett's co., Col. Crafts's regt.; 
pay roll for se^^^ce from Dec. 1, 1776, to Feb. 1, 1777, 2 months. 

Adajis, John. Corporal, Capt. Ebenczer Washburn's co.. Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt., 
Gen. Joseph Cusliing's brigade ; service, 17 days, in Dec, 1776, on an alarm at 
Bristol, R. I. Roll dated Kingston, R. I. 

Adams, Johx. List of men mustered and returned ])y Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, 
dated Boston, April 13, 1777; Capt. Samuel King's (also given Christopher Mar- 
shall's) CO., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached by order 
of Council, May 7, 1777, from Boston regt., to do duty for 5 weeks under Maj. 
Gen. Heath. 

Adams, John, White Creek. Return of men enlisted into Continental Arm}- from Capt. 
Goodrich's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted for town of Great Barriiigton ; joined 
Capt. Isaac Warren's co.. Col. Jolin Bailey's regt.; enlistment, during war; 
also. Private, 6th co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from March 26, 1777, to June 25, 1777; reported deserted June 25, 1777; 
also, list of deserters from Col. Bailey's (2d) regt.; age, 28 j'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; enlistment, 3 years; deserted June 
15, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 53 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. Ephraim Fitch's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted July 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 25 days. 

Adams, Johx. Seaman, list of prisoners to be exchanged for British prisoners sent to 
Halifax in cartel brig " Swift; " exchanged for Alexander Dunbar, Seaman; list 
dated Oct. 9, 1777. 

Adams, Jotcn. Seaman, list of prisoners to be exchanged for British prisoners sent to 
Halifax in cartel brig "Swift;" exchanged for John Murray; list dated Oct. 
9, 1777. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. Oliver Belding's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 24 days, at the Northward. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. Samuel Walcott's co., Col. John Brown's regt.; en- 
listed June 30, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 22 days; marched from 
Berkshire Co. by order of Gen. Fellows to reinforce Northern army; also, Capt. 
Walcott's CO., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; 
discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 30 days, under Brig. Gen. John Fellows; 
marched by order of Gen. Gates to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 28 days. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 28 daj's, with 
Gen. "Warner's brigade in Northern department. Roll dated Dracut. 

Adams, John'. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. and returned by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Dec. 7, 1777 ; Capt. Lunt's co.. Col. David Henley's 
regt. ; also, Private, Col. Henley's regt. ; enlisted Nov. 19, 1777 ; enlistment, dur- 
ing war; reported deserted Jan. 13, 1778. 

Adams, John, Boston. Matross, Capt. AVinthrop Gray's (3d) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; abstract for advance pay, etc., sworn to June 8, 1776; also, Col. 
Crafts's regt.; list of men who refused to leave Boston, dated Boston, Sept. 22, 
1777; also. Gunner, Capt. Gra3''s co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; list of men who re- 
ceived bounty for 8 months service, from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777 ; also, 
Capt. Gray's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; retui-n of men who served on a secret expedi- 
tion to Rhode Island; list dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1778. 

Adams, Johx, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Ebenezer Battle's co., dated Dedham, Feb. 17, 1778 ; enlisted for town of Dedham ; 
joined Capt. J. Scott's co.. Col. David Henley's regt. 

Adams, Johx. Sergeant, Capt. "William Badcock's co.. Col. Pierce's regt.; enlisted 
March 1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Castle Island. 

Adams, Johx. List of men returned by enlistment committee of Salem as having 
enlisted to serve for 3 years or duiing war, in Col. David Henley's regt. ; list 
dated Salem, May 18, 1778. 

Adams, Johx, Amesljury (also given Scarl)orough). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental -^Vrmy from Capt. "William Ballard's co., dated Amesbury, April 18, 
1778; enlistment, 3 years; joined Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. Henley's regt. 

Adams, Johx. Private, Capt. Jesse Roe's co.. Brig. Gen. Henry Knox's corps of 
Artillery ; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1777 ; also, Capt. Christopher Beack- 
ley's CO. of Aitillery Artificers, Col. Benjamin Flower's corps, commanded by 
Brig. Gen. Knox; muster roll for April, 1778. 



54 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AuAMs, John, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of 
IJrookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited with 2J months service; also, order 
given by Capt. Nathan Hamilton at IJrookfield, Auj?. 1, 1778, requiring said 
Adams to go to Worcester, Aug. 5, 1778, provided with arms, ammunition and 
rations for 3 days, thence to march to Tiverton, II. I., before Aug. 6, 1778, and 
tliere to serve 6 weeks, or pay a tine. 

AuAiis, John, Marblehead. Private, Capt. William lIooi)er's co. ; enlisted Julv 18, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 22 days; also, receipt for advance pay dated Salem, Sept. 
26, 1775; also, payroll for service from Nov. 1, 1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 
5 days; also, pay rolls for service from Juu. 4, 177(), to Nov. 15, 1776, 10 mos. 
13 days. Rolls dated Marblehead. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. William Marean's co.. Col. Stearns's (1st) regt. of guards ; 
enlisted March 27, 1778; discharged July 29, 1778; service, 3 mos. 6 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. William Thurlo's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted Julj- 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at R. I. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adajis, John, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to April 
19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778; also, list of men to serve in Boston until Jan. 1, 
1779, dated Sept. 23, 1778. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. John Berry's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Aug. 3, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 25, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 23 days. Roll 
dated Camp at AVinter Hill. 

Adams, John, Thomaston. List of men mustered in Lincoln Co. from Col. Wheaton's 
(4th) regt., to march to Providence to reinforce Col. Wade's and Col. Jacobs's 
regts. ; returned by Brig. Charles Gushing; enlisted July 17, 1778; also, Private, 
Capt. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; enlisted July 25, 1778; 
discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 17 days, at Rhode Island; also, muster 
rolls for Aug., Sept. and Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich; also, muster roll 
dated North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778; also, muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, 
dated East Greenwich. 

Adams, John, Leverett. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated April 
5, 1779; enlistment, 8 months. 

Adams, John, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Walker's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; receipt 
for advance pay dated Camljridge, June 24, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, certificate of non-receipt of bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Jan. 1, 1776; also, Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Robinson's 
regt.; receipt for wages from Eeb. 5, 1776, to April 1, 1776, dated Chelmsford; 
also, receipt for wages due Oct. 2, 1776, dated Ticonderoga ; also. Corporal, Capt. 
Moses Barns's co., Lieut. Col. Solomon Pierce's regt. ; enlisted May 17, 1779; dis- 
charged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlist- 
ment, 2 months. 

Adams, John, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Asa Eairbanks's co., whicli marched on the' 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3^ days ; also, list of men sent to Cajjt. Plimpton, 
dated Walpole, Nov. 5, 1777; also, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Ilawes's regt.; discharged Sept. 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 55 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. Haskell's co., Col. Bradford's (14th) regt. ; enlisted July 
23, 1779; discharged April 23, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted March 21, 1779; dis- 
charged June 21, 1779; service, 3 nios., with guards at Springfield; also, pay roll 
for service from Jul}- 6, 1779, to Oct. 6, 1779, 3 mos. ; stationed with guards at 
Springfield; also, pay rolls for service from Jan. 11, 1780, to May 5, 1780, 3 mos. 
24 days; stationed with guards at Springfield. 

Adams, Joun. Gunner, Capt. Perez Cushing's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. Paul Revere's 
(Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 11, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 8, 1780, 4 
mos. 8 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Adams, Johx, Ashburnham. Sergeant, Capt. Deliverance Davis's co.. Col. Asa Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 10 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Francis Lane's co.. Col. Rand's 
(8th Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 6, 
1780. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. Israel Hix's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted 
Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 15, 1776; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's 
CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 
1780 ; service, 5 days, under Gen. Heath ; marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, 
R. I. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tj'ler's (3d 
Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 20, 1777; service, 1 
mo. 15 days, at Providence; roll dated Northbridge; also, pay roll for service 
from July 28, 1780, to Aug. 8, 1780, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adajis, John. Private, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
July 27, 1780; discharged Aug. 3, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. Roll dated Franklin. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Browning's co.. Col. Seth Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
3 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; 
also, order for wages dated Palmer, May 25, 1782. 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 14 days, with 
Northern army ; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Willcox's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; ser-vice, 3 days. 

Adams, John. Conductor of military stores at Boston, under Maj. Barber; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Dec. 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Adams, John. 1st Lieutenant, ship " American Tartar," commanded by Capt. John 
Grimes, dated Boston, Nov. 28, 1776; also, petition dated Boston, Dec. 7, 1779, 
requesting that said Adams be appointed commander of brigantine " Hunting- 
ton;" commissioned Dec. 7, 1779; also, petition dated Boston, June 5, 1780, 
requesting that said Adams be appointed commander of brigantine " PhcEnix; " 
commissioned June 5, 1780; also, petition dated Boston, Fel). 5, 1781, requesting 
that said Adams be appointed commander of brigantine " George and Fannj-; " 
commissioned Fel). 5, 1781. 

Adams, John. Fifer, Capt. James Gregg's co.. Col. Goose Van Scluiick's (1st New 
York) regt. [service not given] ; discharged Jan. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Adams, John, Sandisfield. Private, Cajjt. Heman Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Collar's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1781; discharged Oct. 25, 1781; service, 
11 days; marched to Stillwater. 



56 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, John. Private, Capt. John Reed's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
July 14, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 4 mos. 18 days; company raised 
for defence of eastern Mass. ; also, receipt for equipments, etc., dated Falmouth, 
Dec. 1, 1781. 

Adams, John. Private, Lieut. William Bird's co.. Col. Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 19, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 3 days, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; regiment raised to reinforce Continental Army ; 
also, Capt. Bird's co.. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 
1,1781; service, 3 mos. 24 days ; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised in Suffolk 
and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Adams, Johx, Lexington. Receipt for bounty paid him by Benjamin Tidd for the 
town of I^xington, to serve in Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
May 21, 1782. 

Adams, Johx. Seaman, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson; enlisted 
Dec. 4, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; enlistment, 12 months; reported 
transferred to " Alliance," Dec. 21, 1781. 

Adams, Johx (alias David Hill). List of men reported as having deserted from Bos- 
ton after l)eing mustered, as returned by Lieut. Col. John Popkin, A. G. ; mus- 
tered July 11, 1782; enlisted for town of Salem; enlistment, 3 years; deserted 
July 11, 1782. 

Adams, Johx. List of men who served in Rhode Island by order of Col. Hawes, Aug. 
11, 1779; credited to Medfield; also, Private, Capt. John Baxter's co., Maj. Job 
Cushing'sregt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 1782; discharged Oct. 14, 1782 ; service, 20 days, 
at Hull. Roll dated Medfield. 

Adams, John. List of men enlisted into Continental Army ; reported a transient ; 
enlisted for town of Woburn [year not given] . 

Adams, John, York. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not given]. 

Adams, Jonas, Stow. Private, Capt. William Whitcomb's co.. Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1773; service, 3 days; reported 
enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Samuel Patch's co., Col. Prescott's regt.; 
return of equipments dated Cambridge, June 18, 1770 ; also, companj- return dated 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, list of men hired to serve until Jan. 1, 1779; paid money in 
lieu of service ; also, agreement dated Stow, Sept. 30, 1778, to serve ■(nth Capt. 
Benjamin Monroe until Jan. 1, 1779. 

Adams, Jonas. Private, Capt. Jonathan Rice's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 13, 1777 ; service, 28 days, with Northern 
army. Roll dated Sudbury. 

Adams, Jonas. Private, Capt. Edmund Longley's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 23 days; company 
detached to fortify and guard posts in and near Boston. 

Adams, Jonas. Private, Capt. Edward Richardson's co., Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; 
enlisted June 12, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 7 mos. 28 days, at 
North River, N. Y. ; roll dated Watertown ; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated 
West Point; also, pny roll for Nov., 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Adajvis, Jonas, Newton. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged Dec. 22, 1779; service, 3 mos. 3 days, on 
an alarm at Rliode Island ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
18 yrs.; stature, rt ft. 4 in.; complexion, ruddy; arrived at Springfield July 21, 
1780; marched to camp July 21, 1780, under command of Capt. Isaac Pope; also, 
Private, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Newton for service in 
the Continental Army during 1780; marched Juh' 17, 1780; discharged Dec. 8, 
1780; service, 5 mos. 3 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 57 

Adams, Jonas. Private, Capt, John Homes's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; enlisted 
April 1, 1778; discharsed July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days, with guards at 
Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Jonathan, (probalily Framingham). Private, Capt. Micajah Gleason's co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2 days. 

Adajis, Jonathan, Alford. Drummer, Capt. Bacon's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; serv-ice, 3 mos. 1 day; also, com- 
pany return dated Dorchester, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Adams, Jonathan, Sanford. Private, Capt. Morgan Lewis's co., whicli marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Joshua Bragdon's co.. Col. Scammon's (30th) re.gt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Adams, Jonathan, Holliston. Private, Capt. John Lealand's co.. Col. Ahijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 6 
days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Corporal, Capt. Jacob Miller's co.. 
Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 16 days; also, company return dated Camp at Winter 
Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Adams, Jonathan, Harvard. Private, Capt. Joseph Fairbanks's co., Col. Asa AVhit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; left 
place of rendezvous April 23, 1775; service, 4^ days; also, Capt. Davis's co., Col. 
^Vhitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 3, 1775 ; ser^ice, 
2 mos. 3 days; also, receipt for wages dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 4, 1775; also, 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, receipt for wages dated Prospect Hill, 
Nov. 17, 1775. 

Adams, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 29, 1777 ; discharged July 4, 1777 ; service, 6 days, under Gen. Schuyler. 

Adams, Jonathan, Leominster. Private, Capt. John Joslin's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
(Worcester Co.) regt. ; service, 1 mo. 3 days ; marched to Bennington last of July, 
1777, to join Col. Seth Warner; also, Capt. Nathaniel Carter's co.. Col. Job 
Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; ser\ice, 3 mos. 
4 days. 

Adams, Jonathan. Private, Capt. David Brewer's (10th) co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 14 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Framingham. 

Adams, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Abner Perry's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ad.'Lms, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Aug. 16, 1778; service, 22 days, on an ahirm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 18, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 26 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Jonathan, Medway. Captain, list of men in service at various times sub- 
sequent to April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Adajis, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Thomas Cowdin's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army at New York. 



58 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Joxatiiax. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; service, 25 days, between Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 20, 1777, 
on an alarm at Providence, R. I. ; roll dated Northbridge ; also, pay roll for ser- 
vice on an alarm at Rhode Island from Aug. G, 1780, to Aug. 8, 1780, 6 days. 

Adams, Jonathan, 3d. Private, Capt. John Ellis's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th 
SutTolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12 
days, on an alarm at Tiverton, R. I. 

Adams, Jonathan, Jr., Medway. Private, Capt. Joshua Partridge's co., Col. John 
Smith's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.'5; service, 3 days; 
also, Capt. Joseph Lovell's co., 4th regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; service, 23 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Warwick, R. I.; also, Capt. Moses 
Adams's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; receipt for wages and travel allow- 
ance; service, from Nov. 3, 1777, to April 3, 1778, 5 mos.; stationed at Cam- 
bridge; also, Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co. ; muster roll for Nov., 1777. 

Adams, Joseph, Fitchburg. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Woods's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Adams, Joseph, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Oliver Pond's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days. 

Adams, Joseph. Petition for wages dated Groton, March 27, 1776; Capt. Asa Law- 
rence's CO., Col. William Prescott's regt. ; service, from April 19, 1775, to April 
30, 1775. 

Adams, Joseph. List of men in Capt. Ingersoll's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt., in 
need of blankets; receipted July 25, 1775. 

Adams, Joseph. Capt. Theodore Bliss's co.. Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; order 
for liountv coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 20, 1775. 

Adajis, Joseph, Pepperell (also given Dunstaljle). Private, Capt. Ephraim Corey's 
CO., Col. William Prescott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
6, 1775; service, 87 days; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, order for bount.y coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, 
Oct. 31, 1775. 

Adajis, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched to Warwick, R. I. 

Adams, JosEPir, Braintree. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Thayer's (3d Independent Vol- 
unteer) CO.; enlisted Jan. 10, 1776; discharged June 7, 1776; service, 4 mos. 29 
days; also, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; return of men in 
service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Adams, Josepi[. Private, Capt. Moses French's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt.; 
enlisted May 15, 1777; discharged July 15, 1777; service, 2 mos. 5 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Joseph, Harvard. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Whitney's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1777 ; discharged July 24, 1777; service, 2 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Samuel Hill's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Col. Ephraim Sawyer, Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 2, 1777 ; dis- 
charged Oct. 26, 1777; service, 24 days, with Northern army. 

Adams, Joseph, Chelmsford. Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 13 days; 
marched to reinforce Northern armj'. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 59 

Adams, Joseph. 2d Lieutenant, ship "Hancock;" list of prisoners confined in bar- 
racks at Halifax, appearing in a letter from Edward Brooks to Hon. James 
Bowdoin, asking that arrangements be made for their exchange; letter dated 
Halifax, Nov. 8, 1777 ; also, list of prisoners that came from Halifax in the cartel 
" Favorite," dated Jan. 29, 1778. 

Adahs, Joseph. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawen's co., Col. William Mcintosh's regt. 
of guards; enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged April 7, 1778; service, 13 days, 
at Roxbury. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. Elias Parkman's co. of guards; enlisted July 2, 1778; 
service, 15 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Adams, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 3, 1778; discharged April 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 2 days; 
regiment raised to guard prisoners after surrender of Burgoyne's army. Roll 
dated Winter Hill. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel Waterhouse's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; enlisted April 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Winter Hill; regi- 
ment detached from militia. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Boynton's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted March 21, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 9 mos. 16 days, at 
Rhode Island ; also, muster rolls for Aug., Sept. and Oct., 1778, dated East Green- 
wich; also, muster roll dated North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778; also, muster rolls for 
Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated East Greenwich. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Baxter's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovel's brigade; enlisted Aug. 5, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
13 days ; marched to Rhode Island. Roll dated Braintree. 

Adams, Joseph. Seaman, list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Ad.^jis, Joseph. Brigantine " Pallas," commanded by Capt. James Johnson; service, 
at Penobscot, from July 3, 1779, to Aug. 20, 1779. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. David Brown's co., commanded by Lieut. William 
White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; dis- 
charged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Adams, Joseph. Drummer, Capt. Addison Richardson's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at 
Claverack ; regiment raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under 
Gen. Washington. 

Adams, Joseph, Holliston. Corporal, Capt. John Lealand's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 6 
days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Jacob Miller's co., 
Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 16 days; also, company return dated Camp at 
Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Adams, Joseph, Ipswich. Private, Capt. James Patch's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Mystic ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. John Baker's co., 
Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 17 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 24yr8.; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775. 



60 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Joseph, Salisbury. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. James Frye's 

regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, receipt 

for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridsre, June 28, 1775; also, return of men 

who lost articles at Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775 ; also, company return dated Cam- 

• bridge, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Adams, Joseph, Mendon. Surgeon's Mate, Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; muster roll.dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 24, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, return of offi- 
cers in camp at Roxbury, May IS, 1775; also, company return dated Sept. 26, 
1775; also. Surgeon, Col. Eleazer Brooks's (3d) regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; 
dischargcil March 8, 1776; service, 5 days, at Dorchester Heights; marched to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Adams, Joseph, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3 days ; reported as lielonging to 
alarm list; also, Capt. Edward Fuller's (1st) co., Col. Thatcher's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 2 days; marched to Cambridge 
to guard the British troops. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s, (1st) co.. Col. Palmer's regt. ; enlisted 
March 4, 1776 ; discharged March 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co., Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Claverack. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; en- 
listed July 28, 1780; discharged Juh' 31, 1780; service, 7 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; also, pay roll for service at Rhode Island from Aug 2, 1780, to 
Aug. 5, 1780, 7 days ; called out on the alarm of July 27, 1780. 

Adams, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Titcomb's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
(Essex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 4, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
20 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Green's co., Col. Cyprian How's regt. ; enlisted 
July 29, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Joseph. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Cath- 
cart; enlisted June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos. 8 days. 

Adams, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 13, 1779; discharged Nov. 16, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
8 days, at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Joseph, Concord. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 
16yrs. ; stature, 4 ft. 10^ in. ; complexion, light; hair, brown ; eyes, dark ; occu- 
pation, laborer; enlisted Fel). 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adams, Joseph, Wells. List of men mustered to serve in Capt. Daniel Wheelwi-ight's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; returned by Nathaniel Wells, Muster Master, 
March 12, 1777; enlistmeut, 3 j'ears or during war; also, Private, Cajjt. Wheel- 
wright's CO., Col. Francis's regt. ; roll made up for rations from Feb. 26, 1777, to 
April 26, 1777; also, Capt. Francis's Co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 26, 1780; dis- 
charged Feb. 26, 1780. 

Adams, Joseph, Pepperellborough. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, liglit; arrived at Springfield July 27, 
1780; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under command of Capt. Storer; also, list 
of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 61 

Adams, Joseph, continued. 

having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay 
roll for 6 inonths men raised by the town of Pepperellborough for service in Con- 
tinental Army during 1780 ; marched July 9, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 30, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 7 mos. 11 days. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. "William Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 6 days; marched from 
Windsor to Shaftsbury, Vt., bj- order of Gen. Fellows ; also, pay roll for service 
from Oct. 21, 1780, to Oct. 22, 1780, 2 days; marched from Windsor by order of 
Gen. Fellows ; also, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 20, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1780 ; service, 3 days ; marched on an 
alarm from Wi«dsor by order of Gen. Fellows ; also, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. 
Symonds's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 26, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1780 ; service, 3 days ; 
marched on an alarm from AVindsor by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Adams, Joseph. Fifer, Capt. Smart's co., 3d regt. ; return of men in service, July, 
1781. 

Adams, Joseph, Lynn. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted July 31, 1781. 

Adams, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Bird's co.. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
17, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 24 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
regiment raised in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Adams, Joseph, Newbury. List of men drafted from Essex Co. militia to march to 
Horse Neck, under Col. Cogswell; drafted to Capt. Ilsley's co. ; failed to join 
regiment. 

Adams, Joseph, Falmouth. List of men enlisted into Continental Army ; enlisted for 
towji of Methuen [year not given] . 

Adams, Joseph, Jr., Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, -1 days; also, certificate of 
enlistment dated Jan. 29, 1776; agreed to serve until April 1, 1776; also, Private, 
Capt. Fuller's co., Col. Thatcher's regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged 
March 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 

Adams, Joshua. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 20 days; 
marched to Bennington by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows, at request of Gen. Stark, 
and by order of Committee of Safety. 

Adams, Joshua, Bradford (also given Falmouth). Private, Capt. William Hudson 
Ballard's CO., Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's 6th) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 10, 1777, to Oct. 12, 1777; reported died Oct. 
12, 1777. 

Adams, Joshua, Falmouth. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Ballard's 
CO., Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adams, Joshua (or Joseph), Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Jones's (2d) co., Essex Co. regt., dated Methuen, Feb. 13, 1778; 
enlisted for town of Methuen ; joined Capt. Ballard's co., Col. Alden's regt. ; enlist- 
ment to expire Jan. 1, 1780. 

Adams, Joshua, Egremont (also given Sheffield). Private, Capt. Ingersoll's co.. Col. 
David Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 2 weeks; also, Capt. Roswell Downing's co., Col. John Ashley's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 
1 mo. ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Downing's 



G2 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDU:ilS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Joshua, continued. 

CO., Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted for town of Sheffield ; enlistment, 3 years ; joined M 

Capt. Bartlett's co.. Col. Wesson's regt. ; also, Private, Lieut. Col. Millen's co., ■ 

Col. James Wesson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 18, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Corporal, Capt. Samuel Carr's co.. Col. 
Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army paj' accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; birthplace, Egremont; age, 
22yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark; occupation, husband- 
man; enlisted Nov., 1779. by Capt. Carr at West Point; joined Capt. Samuel 
Carr's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt.; enlistment, during war. 

Adams, Joshva, Alfred. List of men in the 8th regt. entitled to 200 acres of land, or 
f 20 in money, agreeable to resolve of March 5, 1801, 

Adams, Josiah, Newbury. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co., Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj- 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
8 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 18 yrs. ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 27, 1775; also, Adjutant, 
Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; return of officers dated Winter Hill, Jan. 
22, 1778; also, pay roll for service from April 1, 1778, to July 3, 1778, 3 mos. 
3 days; also, 1st Lieutenant; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 
12, 1778; detached to guard troops of convention; also, Capt. Richard Rogers's 
CO., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted July 3, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; 
service, 5 mos. 12 days. 

Adams, Josiah, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d precinct of 
Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited with 3 months service. 

Adams, Josiaii. Private, Capt. William Tucker's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; en- 
listed July 12, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 21 days, including 
time to return home. 

Adams, Josiah. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 5, 1780; service, 7 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adams, Jide, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ithamer Wright's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; returned home April 28, 1775; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Asa Danforth's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Convers's regt. ; service, 22 
days; marched Sept. 23, 1777, to join Gen. Gates's army; also, list of men who 
served to the credit of the 3d precinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited 
with 45 months service; also, receipt for 3 months bounty, dated Brookfield, Oct 
20, 1779; also. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 12 days, at Claverack; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Lem., Milton. Matross, Capt. Daniel Vose's (train band) co.. Col. Robinson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 14 days. 

Adams, Levi, New Ipswich, N. H. Corporal, Capt. Ezra Town's co., Col. James 
Read's regt. ; descriptive list of enlisted men; birthplace, Dunstable; age, 27 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, fair; eyes, blue; occupation, farmer; enlisted 
May 12, 1775; mustered July 11, 1775. 

Adams, Luther. Private, Capt. Jotham Houghton's CO., Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt., Gen. Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Claverack. Roll dated Petersham. 

Adams, Matthew. Corporal, Capt. James Gregg's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; muster roll for Jan.- 
March, 1781, dated West Point; reported transferred to Capt. Leonard Blocker's 
(Light Infantry) co., Jan. 1, 1781. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 63 

AuAMS, Mathew. 2d Major, Col. Beriah Norton's (Dukes Co.) regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 1, 1776; reported Uriah Tilton chosen in 
his place July 30, 177G. 

Adams, Micah. Private, Capt. John Ellis's co., Maj. Seth BuUard's (4th Suffolk Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Auir. 7, 1780; service, 12 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Adams, Moses, New Marlborouiih. Corporal, Capt. Moses Soul's co., Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
177o, from Sandisfield and New Marlborough ; service, 17 days; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at DoFchester, Nov. 1, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Arm}- from Capt. Collar's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war; joined Capt. Noah Allen's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; 
also, Sergeant, Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Smith's (late AVlgglesworth's) regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from June 21, 1777, to June 28, 1778; 
reported died June 28, 1778; also, muster rolls for March and May, 1778, dated 
Valley Forge; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich. 

Ada3is, Moses, "Wrentham. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. Boyd's 
CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775; 
enlisted April 27, 1775; also, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co., Col. Wheelock's regt., 
commanded by Maj. Metcalf; enlisted Dec. 8, 1777; discharged Dec. 11, 1777; 
service, 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Providence and War- 
wick, R. I. 

Adams, Moses, Falmouth. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Noyes's co., Col. Phinney's (31st) 
regt.; company return dated Fort No. 2 [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 15, 
1775; marched to headquarters July 13, 1775. 

Adams, Moses. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s, (1st) co., Col. Palmer's regt. ; enlisted 
March 4, 1776; discharged March 19, 1776; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adams, Moses, Framingham. Chaplain, Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
27, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 62 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

Adams, Moses. Private, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; service, 41 days; marched to Providence, R. I., on the alarm of Dec., 1776. 

Adams, Moses, Medway. Private, Capt. Josiah Fuller's co.. Col. Wheelock's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 22, 1776; service, 13 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched to Warwick, R. I. 

Adams, Moses. List of men drafted for 8 months service in Continental Army ; returned 
May 15, 1777. 

Adajus, Moses, New Casco. Private, Capt. William Cobb's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's 
(Cumberland Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779, at Fal- 
mouth ; service, 2 mos. 17 days ; company raised for expedition against Penobscot. 

Adams, Moses. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12^ days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Moses, Medway. 1st Lieutenant, commander of a companj' in Col. John 
Smith's regt., commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of 
April 19 and April 30, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; also. Captain, 9th co.. Col. Ephraim 
Wheelock's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
April 23, 1776; also. Captain, Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; list 



64 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Moses, continued. 

of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Sept. 27, 1777; also, Captain, (late) 
Ezekiel Plimpton's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 12, 1777; nmster rolls 
for Dec, 1777, Jan., Feb. and March, 1778, dated Cambridge; also, appointment 
made by Maj. Setli Bullard of said Adams as captain in his regiment for a term 
of 3 months, dated Walpole, Jnne 28, 1780 ; also, Maj. Seth Bnllard's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 13 days; 
marched to Tiverton, K. I. ; also, return of officers dated Medfield, March 2, 
1781 ; ordered to march to Tiverton, II. I., for not more than 40 days service. 

Adams, Nat. Corporal, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; enlisted 
July 26, 1778 ; discharged Aug. 16, 1778 ; service, 22 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Nat. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 8 days, ■ 
in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth ; also, pay roll for service 
from Sept. 11, 1779, to Sept. 15, 1779, 5 da.vs; service on an alarm at Falmouth, 
by order of Brig. Otis. 

Adams, Nathan. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 6 days. 

Adams, Nathan, Newbury. Drummer, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 20 yrs. ; enlisted April 24, 
1775; discharged Sept. 5, 1775; also, order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dec. 30, 1775; also, Capt. Jonathan Poor's co. ; return of men in 
service for 6 weeks, dated Newbury, March 18, 1777. 

Adams, Nathan, Barre. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Norton's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; pay 
abstract for gun and blanket money, agreeable to resolve of Nov. 27, 1776 ; also, 
return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Adams, Nathan, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Adam Martin's co.. Col. Timothy Bige- 
low's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for Aug., 1777, dated Van 
Schaick's Island; reported sick at AVorcester; also, muster roll for March and 
April, 1779, dated Providence ; also. Major's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 15, 1780. 

Adams, Nathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day ; marched 
on an expedition to the Northward. Roll dated Leverett. 

Adams, Nathan, Newbury. Lieutenant, Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Oct. 1, 1777; reported 
absconded Oct. 1 (also given Oct. 18), 1777. 

Adams, Nathan, Oakham. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. as returned by 
Thomas Newhall ; Capt. Karli's co.. Col. Keyes's regt.; enlistment, 6 months; 
also. Private, Capt. Rali)h Earll's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; pay abstract 
for travel allowance from Camp Providence, Dec. 31, 1777; also, pay roll for ser- 
vice from July 10, 1777, to Jan. 4, 1778, 5 mos. 25 days. Roll dated Providence. 

Adams, Nathan, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to 
April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778; also, list of men to serve in Boston until 
Jan. 1, 1779, dated Sept. 23, 1778. 

Adams, Nathan. Private, Capt. Elias Pratt's co. ; enlisted April 13, 1779; discharged 
July 1, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 18 days, with guards at Rutland. 

Adams, Nathan. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Livermore's co. ; enlisted July 8, 1779; ser- 
vice, 24 days; enlistment, 3 months ; muster roll dated Rutland, Aug. 2, 1779. 



IN. THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 65 

Adasis, Nathax. Private, Capt. Adam Henry's co. of guards; enlisted Feb. 2, 1779; 
discharged April 4, 1779; service, 2 mos. 3 days; company detached from militia 
to guard troops of convention at Rutland ; also, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell's co. of 
guards; enlisted Oct. 31, 1779; discharged April 22, 1780; service, 5 mos. 23 days, 
at Rutland. 

Adams, Nathax, Andover. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Andover for 
service in Continental Army during 1780; marched June 26, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 18, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 3 days. 

Adams, Nathax. Private, Capt. Stephen Frost's co., Col. Cyprian How's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 6, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 27 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Nathax. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. SethBullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, Nathax, Medfield. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return 
of equipments made up to June 10, 1776; age, 33 yrs.; also, list of men who 
received money " for turns done in last war in the days of Capt. Morse the 1st, 
and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 1776; also, list of men drafted to march to 
Providence, R. I., agreeable to a warrant issued by Col. Hawes, Feb. 4, 1777; 
drafted but hired Spencer Wood to serve in his place ; also, list of men drafted to 
march to Providence, R. I., for 1 month service, agreeable to order of Col. 
Wheelock, April 17, 1777; reported paid money in lieu of service; also, list of 
men who went on a secret expedition to Rhode Island for 30 days, from Oct. 1, 
1777, agreeable to a warrant issued by Col. Hawes, Sept. 25, 1777 ; reported drafted. 

Adams, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 6 days. 

Adams, Nathaxiel, Wrentham. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co.,Col. Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Boyd's 
CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; enlisted April 27, 1775; discharged May 17, 1775; 
company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775. 

Adams, Nathaxiel, Newbury. Sergeant, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co.. Col. Moses 
Little's regt.. Gen. Green's brigade; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 24, 1775; seiTice, 3 mos. 14 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; age, 28 yrs. ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Nov. 2, 1775. 

Adams, Nathaxiel, Wrentham. Corporal, Capt. Moses Draper's co.. Col. "William 
Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Camp at Prospect Hill, 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Prospect Hill, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Adasis, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., Col. John Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1776; discharged Nov. 22, 1776; service, 1 mo. 25 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Newport, R. I. Roll sworn to at Falmouth, 
Barnstable Co. 

Adams, Nathaniel, Newbury. Lieutenant, Capt. Joshua French's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt.; pay abstract for mileage from Albany to his home, dated 
Jan. 30, 1777. 

Adams, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Lieut. Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; ser\ice, 5 days, on au alarm at 
Bennington. 



66 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Adams, Nathaniel. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Lyon's co., Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
June 20, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Groton. 

Adams, Nathaxiei,. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(3d "Worcester Co.) regt.; service, 19 days, l)et\veen Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 20, 
1777, at Providence, R. L ; roll dated Northbridge ; also, pay roll for service from 
July 28, 1780, to Aug. 8, 1780, 15 days. 

Adams, Nathaniel, Boston. Ship's tailor, ship "Deane," commanded by Capt. 
Elisha Ilinman ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Dec. 9, 1780 ; age, 
24 yrs. ; complexion, dark; occupation, seaman. 

Adams, Nathaniel. Ship "Franklin," commanded by Capt. Allen Ilallet; list of 
officers and crew, dated Boston, June 20, 1781. 

Ada>is, Nehemiah, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Gideon Parker's co.. Col. Moses 
Little's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 2, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 7, 1775; service, 1 mo. 27 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775 ; also. Corporal ; return of men in service 
Jan. 1, 1776. 

Adams, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adams, Neavton. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 14, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 9, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
6 days, at West Point; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Adams, Newton. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Dean's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; 
enlisted March 3, 1781 ; discharged March 17, 1781 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Obadiah, New Marlborough. Capt. Soul's co.. Col. Fellows's regt.; enlisted 
April 21, 1775; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Adams, Obadiah, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Adams, Obadiah, Eellingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co.. Col. Wheelock's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 19, 1776; service, 11 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Warwick, R. I. 

Adams, Obadiah. Receipt for ammunition received of Capt. Barnabas Sears, dated 
Camp at Dorchester, Feb. 15, 1776 ; also, certificate of service, dated Hardwick, 
July 19, 1776, given by Capt. Barnabas Sears, certifying that said Adams, a 
soldier in his company, was killed by the enemy March 10, 1776, on Dorchester 
Hill. 

Adams, Obadiah, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's co.. Col. Jolm Smith's 
regt., commanded Ijy Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of April 19 
and April 30, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. Joseph Lovell's (Independent) 
CO., 4th regt.; pay abstract for service at Warwick, R. I., Dec. 29, 1776, 22 days; 
also, descriptive list dated Dorchester, June 29, 1778, of men enlisted from Suffolk 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 14, 
1778; Capt. Adams's co.. Col. Hawes's regt.; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in.; 
hair, light; eyes, light; nationality, American; occupation, husbandman; con- 
ducted to camp by Capt. Davis. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 67 

Adams, Obed. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Jenkins's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 8 days, at Falmouth and 
Dartmouth. 

Adams, Oliver, Chelmsford. List of men in Col. Baldwin's regt., May 1, 1775; also. 
Private, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 20, 1777; service, 23 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern armj*. 

Adams, Oliver, Newbury. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's regt. ; enlisted June .'), 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; reported deserted Oct. 16, 1778; also, muster rolls for June-Sept., 1778, 
dated East Greenwich. 

Adams, Oliver, Holliston. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 27, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Oliver, Medway. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Lovell's (3d) co.. Col. Ephraim 
Wheelock's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of the Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned April 23,1776; also, Capt. Joseph Lovell's (Independent) co., 4th regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 21 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to 
Warwick, R. I. 

Adams, Oliver. List of men enlisted from 3d Middlesex Co. regt., raised agreeable 
to resolve of June 20, 1778, to reinforce Continental Army ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Adams, Oliver. Private, Capt. Moses Adams's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 5, 1780; service, 11 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Adams, Oliver, Jr., Medway. Descriptive list of enlisted men detached from Capt. 
Ellis's CO. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light; enlisted Aug. 20, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 months; also. Sergeant, Capt. John Lincoln's co., Col. Joseph 
Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 
22 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Parker. Private, Capt. Jonathan Sawyer's co.. Col. Edmund Phinnej-'s 
regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; muster roll for Nov., 1776, dated Garrison at Fort 
George ; reported on command with the surgeon at Albany. 

Adams, Parker. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co., Col. Barnabas Sears's regt. ; 
enlisted July 18, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, on an 
expedition up the Mohawk River; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Paul, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Lewis Whiting's co., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
return of men in camp at Ticonderoga, Aug. 27, 1776 ; age, 24 yrs. 

Adams, Paul. Private, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
30, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. ; roll dated New Castle; also, 
Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt.; enlisted Oct. 5, 1778; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 29 days; detached to fortify a post at 
Boston. 

Adams, Paul. PriA'ate, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted April 3, 1778; discharged July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, 
muster roll for April, 1778, dated Winter Hill ; also, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. 
Col. Gerrish's regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 20 days; regiment detached from militia of Suffolk and Essex counties 
to reinforce army under Gen. Washington. 

Adams, Paul. Corporal, Capt. John Pearson's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 7, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; ser-vice, 2 mos. 25 days ; company 
raised in Essex and Plymouth counties ; enlistment, 3 months. ' 



68 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Pelatiah, Bradford (also given Chelmsford). Private, Capt. William Hud- 
son Ballard's co., Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's) 7th regt. ; Continental Army- 
pay accounts for service from March 25, 1777, to Nov. 11, 1778; reported killed 
Nov. 11, 1778. 

Adams, Peter, Spencer. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 177.")] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Iloxbury, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Adams, Peter, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Fairbanks's co., Col. 
Benjamin Hawes's regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Sergeant, Capt. Fair- 
banks's CO., Col. Wheelock's regt., commanded b}^ Maj. Metcalf ; enlisted Dec. 
8, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1777 ; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 
marched to Providence and Warwick, R. I. 

Adams, Peter, Wrentham. Bombardier, Capt. Perez Cushing's (9th) co.. Col. 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay rolls for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to May 8, 1777, 
6 mos. 7 days ; also, pay roll for travel allowance from Wrentham to camp at 
Boston, sworn to Dec. 7, 1776. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Capt. John Boynton's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 23, 1777 ; ser-vice, 1 mo. 4 days ; marched 
to Bennington under command of Col. Job Gushing. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 10, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. ; marched to Saratoga. 
Roll dated Littleton. 

Adams, Peter. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted July 6, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 21 days ; reported deceased Sept. 27, 1778 ; 
enlistment, 6 mouths; company drafted to serve as guards at Boston and 
Cambridge. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Capt. John Devereux's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; pay rolls for service from Nov. 13, 1777, to April 3, 1778, 4 mos. 21 days ; 
stationed at Charlestown and Cambridge ; also, muster roll for Jan., 1778, dated 
Winter Hill. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Capt. Joseph Boynton's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 6 days, at Rhode 
Island ; also, muster rolls for July-Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich ; also, muster 
roll dated North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Lieut. Hezekiah Ware's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (4th 
Suffolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 20, 1778 ; discharged July 14, 1778 ; service, 25 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Peteu. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 13, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 
8 days, at Rhode Island. 

Adasis, Peter. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted June 27, 1780; discharged July 4, 1780; service, 8 days ; marched 
for defence of West Point, by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Adasis, Peter. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
marched to reinforce Continental Army ; enlistment, 3 months. 



IN THE WAR OF TIIP: REVOLUTION. 69 

Adams, Peter, Townsend. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, descriptive 
list of men raised to reinforce Continental Armj^ for the term of 6 months, agreeable 
to resolve of June S, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; 
arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780 ; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under com- 
mand of Lieut. Jackson of the artillery; also, pay roll for 6 months men, raised 
by the town of Townsend for service in the Continental Army during 1780; 
marched July 6, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 21 days. 

Adams, Peter. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 28, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; muster rolls for June and July, 1781, 
dated Phillipsburg ; also, muster rolls for Aug., Sept., Oct. and Nov., 1781; also, 
muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Adams, Peter, New Braintree. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Hunter's co.. 
Col. Kej'es's regt.; age, 26 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; occupa- 
tion, blacksmith; enlisted March 10, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, 
Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; return of men 
in service for the year 1781 ; pay allowed from March 10, 1781 ; also, return of 
men in service for the year 1782; reported furloughed in Dec, 1782; also, return 
of men for clothing delivered March 9, 1784. 

Adams, Philemon, Medway. Private, Capt. Josiah Fuller's co., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched to "Warwick, R. I.; also, list of men drafted to go to 
Providence, R. I., dated April 18, 1777; also, Capt. Sabin Mann's co.. Col. 
Wheelock's regt. ; enlisted April 22, 1777; discharged May 10, 1777; service, 20 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, list of men detached from Capt. Moses 
Adams's co. to go to Pro\'idence, R. I., to serve until Jan. 1, 1779, dated June 
22, 1778. 

Adams, Philemon, Framingham. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co.. Col. Samuel 
Denny's regt.; enlisted Oct. 28, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 6 
days, at Claverack; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Philemon. Piivate, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Abner Perry's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Phineas, New Ipswich, N. H. Private, Capt. Ezra Town's co.. Col. Read's 
regt. ; enlisted April 23, 1775. 

Adams, Phineas. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) reiit. ; enlisted Dec. '27i, 1776; discharged April 3, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 

AdajVis, Phineas. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days; stationed 
at Little Compton, R. I. Roll dated Bellingham. 

Adams, Phineas. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 
3 months. 

Adams, Phineas, Medway. List of men drafted to go to Providence, R. I., dated 
April 18, 1777 ; also, Private, Captain Satnn Mann's co., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
enlisted April 22, 1777; discharged May 10, 1777; service, 20 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Phineas, Medway. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., Col. Jonathan 
Titcomb's regt.; enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
29 days, at Providence, R. I. 



70 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Phineas, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to 
April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Adams, Phineas, Medway. Descriptive list dated Dorchester, June 29, 1778, of men 
enlisted from Suffolk Co., agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778, for the term of 
9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 13, 1778; Capt. Adams's 
CO., Col. Hawes's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; hair, light ; eyes, dark ; 
nationality, American ; occupation, husbandman ; conducted to camp by Capt. 
Davis. 

Adams, Phineas, Paxton. List of men mustered in AVorcester Co. and returned by 
Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; Capt. Maynard's co.. Col. Denny's regt.; 
mustered May 9, 1778 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Adams, Phineas. Private, Capt. Moses Adams's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 13 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. L 

Adams, Revben, Medway. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's co., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
enlisted April 22, 1777; discharged May 10, 1777; service, 20 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Rei-hen, Medway. Private, list of men drafted to go to Providence, R. I., 
dated April 18, 1777; also, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt.; enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 29 days, on 
an alarm at Providence, R. I. 

Adams, Reuben. PriA-ate, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adams, Revben. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co., Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 6 days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; regiment raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Adams, Richard. Private, (late) Capt. George King's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged March 24, 1777 ; service, 
3 mos. 8 days; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777; also, muster roll for Jan., 
1777, dated Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., Col. Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 28, 1777 ; service, 20 days ; 
ordered to march to Fort Edward, by Maj. Gen. Schuyler; also, pay roll for ser- 
vice from Sept. 19, 1777, to Oct. 18, 1777, 30 days; ordered to march to Stillwater, 
by Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Adams, Riciiakd, Dunstable (enlisted for New) )ury port). Descriptive list of enlisted 
men raised agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. (also 
given 5 ft.) 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, sandy; ej-es. sandy. 

ADAiis, Richard, AVelmonton (Wilmington ?). Private, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co., 
Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; enlisted May 25, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; 
service, 7 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 12 months 
from Jan. 1, 1778; also, muster rolls for May-Oct., 1778, dated East Green- 
wich ; reported on command at Warwick ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated 
North Kingston. 

Adams, Richard, York. List of men mustered in York Co. and returned by Joseph 
Bragdon, Muster Master, March 31, 1777; Capt. Daniel Wheelwright's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Wheelwright's co.. Col. Francis's 
regt. ; roll made up for rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 1, 1777, to April 26, 
1777; also, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to March 6, 1778 ; reported died March 
6, 1778; served 5 mos. as Private, 1 mo. as Corporal, 7 mos. 5 days as Sergeant. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION^. 71 

Adams, Richard. Captain, 9th co., Col. "NVheatoii's (4th Lincoln Co.) regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 2, 1778. 

Adams, Richard, Newburyport. Prize Master, brig " Julius Ccesar," commanded by 
Capt. Nathaniel Bently ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 21, 1780; 
age, 25 yrs. 4 mos. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light. 

Adams, Richard. 1st Lieutenant, schooner "Senegal," commanded by Capt. Na- 
thaniel Bentley; petition dated Boston, June 1, 1781; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 
G in. ; complexion, light. 

Adams, Rohert, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; serrice, 12 
days. 

ADA3IS, Robert. Capt. John Ford's co. ; receipt for wages, etc., dated Ticonderoga, 
Aug. 28, 1776; also, receipt for money due Oct. 2, 1776, dated Ticonderoga. 

Adams, Robert. Private, detachment of guards under Sergt. Enos Dean ; service, 2 
days, in preventing Highlanders (prisoners) escaping from Taunton jail on ahirm 
of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Adams, Roger, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Edward Fuller's 
(1st) CO., Col. Thatcher's regt.; enlisted Sept. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 2, 1778; 
service, 1 day ; marched to Cambridge to guard British troops. 

Adams, Rufvs, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (late 
Gerrish's) .38th regt.; company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; enlisted May 
1, 1775 ; reported sick and absent, Aug. 11, 1775 ; also, return of men in service in 
Aug., 1775, dated Camp at Chelsea; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Adams, Salathiel, Chelmsford. List of men in Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt.. May 

1,1775. 
Adams, Sam, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Page's co., which marched on the 

alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4^ days. 

Ad.^jis, Samuel, Dedham. Private, Capt. Aaron Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from 1st parish of Dedham; service, 9 days; reported 
enlisted into the army. 

Adams, Samuel, Ipswich. Sergeant, Capt. Elisha Whitney's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Mystic ; service, 4 days ; marched to Cambridge 
May 1, 1775; service, 16 days. 

Adams, Samuel, Truro. Surgeon, Col. John Fellows's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
June 28, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days ; also, Capt. King's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; 
company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Adams, Samuel, Dedham. Private, Capt. Joseph Guild's co., Col. Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; also, Capt. 
Guild's CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 
1775 ; enlisted April 30, 1775. 

Adams, Samuel, Charlestown. Private, Capt. Josiah Harris's co.. Col. William Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 27, 1775. 

Ap.vms, Samuel, Westford. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
return of men in service at White Plains, Oct. 31, 1776. 

Adams, Samuel. Surgeon, Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
muster roll of field and staff officers for Nov., 1776, dated Fort George; reported 
on command at Albanv. 



72 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Samuel, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co.. Col. John 
Whetcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 8 daj-s; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's 
CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; mnster roll dated Ang. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
27, 1775; service, 1 mo.; reported enlisted in the train, May 24, 1775; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. John Popkin's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 24, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; 
also, company return dated Camp at Winter Hill, Sept. 27, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Jan. 13, 1776. 

Adams, Samuel, Acton. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's 
regt.; marched Feb. 4, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days; also, Capt. John Minot's 
CO., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance ; service at Dorchester 
Heights, Nov., 1776; also, list of men drafted Ity Capt. Simon Hunt and returned 
to Col. Eleazer Brooks to reinforce Continental Army, dated Acton, Aug. 14, 1777; 
reported drafted from train band and alarm list. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Tobias Lord's co. ; enlisted Aug. 31, 1776; discharged 
Nov. 25, 1776; service, 2 mos. 25 days, at Falmouth. 

Adams, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 17, 1776; discharged March 27, 1777; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
marched to reinforce the army in the Jerseys under Gen. Washington. Roll 
dated Lancaster. 

Adams, Samuel, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. Col. 
L. Rol)inson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 27, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 6 days ; regiment 
raised in Suffolk and York counties ; roll dated Roxbury ; also, Capt. Holbrook's 
CO., Col. Wheelock's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 15, 1776; ser- 
vice, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to AVarwick, R. I.; also, 
Capt. Sabin Mann's co.. Col. Wheelock's regt. ; enlisted April 22, 1777 ; dis- 
charged May 10, 1777 ; service, 20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. George Minot's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo. 24 days, in 
Northern department. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos.; enlistment, 3 months; company marched to Man- 
chester, Vt., thence to Allington, thence to Stillwater, by order of Gen. Lincoln; 
joined Gen. John Ashley's regt., and marched to Botton's Rill. 

Adams, Samuel, Chelmsford. List of men in Col. Baldwin's regt., May 1, 1775; also. 
Private, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 13 days ; marched to rein- 
force Northern army. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 13 days; 
marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Aaron Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 27 days; 
marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, with 
Northern army. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
1 mo. 7 days, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island ; roll sworn to in Suffolk Co., 
Dec. 4, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THi: REVOLUTION. 73 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Jesse Roe's co. of Artillery artificers, under Brig. 
Gen. Henry Knox ; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1777 ; also, Capt. Christopher 
Beackley's co. of Artillery artificers, Col. Benjamin Flower's corps, under com- 
mand of Brig. Gen. Knox ; muster roll for April, 1778. 

Adams, Samuel, Boston. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1778 ; taken prisoner Oct. 5, 1778 ; service on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Cutler's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 29, 1778 ; service, S mos. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster rolls for Sept.-Dec, 1778, dated 
East Greenwich. 

Adams, S.vjiuel. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 8, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 15, 1778 ; service, 5 mos. 8 days. 
Roll dated Winter Hill. 

Adams, Samuel. List of men mustered bj' Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master of 
Suffolk Co., for the Boston regt., under Col. Jabez Hatch ; list dated Boston, Feb. 
II, 1779. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos. 1 
day; also, Capt. John Collar's co.. Col. Ashley's regt., commanded by Lieut. 
Col. Powel ; enlisted July 19, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 27, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 9 
days ; marched to Connecticut. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; company 
detached to join Continental Army at Claverack; enlistment, 3 months. Roll 
dated Woburn. 

Adams, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Luke Wilder's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 27, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1779 ; ser\ice, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claverack. 
Roll dated Albany, N. Y. 

Adamsj Samuel, Harpswell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nehemiah Curtis's (1st Harpswell) co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d Cum- 
1)erland Co.) regt., dated Dec. 15, 1777; joined Capt. White's co., Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; return made to Col. Nathaniel Purrinton ; 
also, Private, Capt. George White's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 3, 1777, to Dec. 28, 1779; also, 
muster roll for Feb., 1779, dated West Point; also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. 
Tupper's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Jan. 3, 1780 ; reported discharged. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Plumer's co.. Col. William Jones's regt.; 
enlisted July 6, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days, at 
Majorbagaduce, under Col. Samuel McCobb. 

Adams, Samuel. Drummer, Capt. Thaddeus Read's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1780 ; service, 6 days ; marched from 
Windsor to Shaftsburj-, Yt., by order of Gen. Fellows; also, pay roll for ser\ice 
from Oct. 21, 1780, to Oct. 22, 1780, 2 days; marched from Windsor by order of 
Gen. Fellows; also, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; en- 
listed Oct. 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 28, 1780; service, 3 days; marched on an 
alarm from AVindsor, by order of Gen. Fellows. 



74 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Samuel, Grafton (also given Walpole) . Capt. Luke Drury's co., Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 6 days; also, Fifer; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 3, 1775; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Gth Worces- 
ter Co. regt.; joined Capt. Child's co., Col. Wesson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Sergeant, Capt. Abraliam Child's (Gth) co.. Col. James Wesson's regt.; 
Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from April 12, 1777, to July 22, 1779; 
reported deserted July 22, 1779, but returned to service July, 1780; also, Private, 
Colonel's co.. Col. Wesson's (9th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Aug. 20, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Adams, Samuel. Hospital Physician and Surgeon; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Senior Surgeon; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; also, certificate 
of service dated Boston, Feb. 19, 1782. 

Adams, Samuel, Sandisfield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
l)y Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780; also, payroll for 6 months men raised by the town of Sandis- 
field for service in the Continental Arm}- during 1780 ; marched July 19, 1780 ; 
discharged Jan. 19, 1781; service, 6 mos. 4 days; also. Drummer, Capt. Heman 
Smith's CO., Lieut. Col Collar's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Oct. 31, 1781 ; service, 17 days ; marched to Stillwater. 

Adams, Samuel. Drummer, Capt. Job Knap's co. ; enlisted March 2, 1781 ; discharged 
March 15, 1781 ; service, 17 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Douglas. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Field's co , Col. William Shepard's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Shepard's regt.; muster rolls for March and April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. James Cooper's co.. Col. Shepard's (4th) regt ; muster 
roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Lebbeus 
Drew's co., Col. Shepard's regt.; muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated 
Phillipsburg; reported deserted July 21, 1781. 

Adams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Green's co., Col. Barns's regt.; service on 
an alarm at Saratoga, Oct., 1781. 

Adams, Samuel, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Capt. Edward 
Seagrave's co.. Col. Wade's regt.; enlisted June 19, 1778; discharged July 12, 
1778 ; service, 26 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. William Henry's 
CO., Worcester Co. regt. ; enlisted Oct. 6, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1779 ; service, 
1 mo. 7 days, at Castle and Governor's islands; also, Capt. Reuben Davis's co., 
Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 24, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 19 days, at West Point; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Samuel. Surgeon, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts f(n' service from March 14, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, receipt for 
sul)sistence money for June, 1782, received from Cai)t. Lieut. Knowles. 

Adams, Samuel, Lexington. Descrijitive list of enlisted men, dated Huts, New Boston, 
May 13, 1782; Cai)t. James Tisdale's (4tli) co., 3d Mass. regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dark; hair, brown; eyes, blue; occupation, 
yeoman; enlisted March 30, 1782; enlistment, 3 years; also, return of clothing 
received between June 14, 1782, and .\ug. 23, 1782 ; also, return of clothing received 
between Nov. 20, 1782, and Feb. 10, 1783. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 75 



Adams, Scipio, Shrewsbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Asa Rice's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 1.5, 1777; joined Capt. 
Barnes's co., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Daniel 
Barnes's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 1."), 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1777, dated 
Van Schaick's Island ; also, muster roll for April, 1779, dated Providence ; reported 
on command at general hospital . 

Adams, Seth, Suffleld, Conn. Private, Capt. Chapin's co., Col. Danielson's regt.; 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported discharged May 4, 1775. 

Adams, Seth. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 5, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days; 
marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Adams, Silas, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Maj. 
Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 
1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

ADA3IS, Silas, Newbury. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Ger- 
rish's CO., Col. Moses Little's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 
24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, list of officers; commissioned June 27, 
1775; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 33 yrs. ; also, list of men 
drafted from Essex Co. I)rigade to march to Rhode Island to reinforce Gen. 
Spencer, by order of Brig. Gen. Michael Farley, agreeable to resolve of April 11, 
1777; appointed captain of a company made up from Newbury, Danvers, Rowley 
and Middleton; also. Captain, Col. Titcomb's regt.; roll dated June 29, 1777. 

Adams, Simon, New Marlborough. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Soul's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, from Sandisfield and New Marlborough ; service, 17 days ; also, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 1, 1775. 

Adams, Simon. Private, Lieut. Eleazer Taylor's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 4 days, on 
an alarm at Bennington ; marched as far as Pittsfield. 

Adams, Simon. Captain, Col. John Collar's regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged 
Oct. 20, 1781 ; service, 12 days, on an alarm at the Northward ; regiment ordered 
out bj' Col. John Ashley, Gen. Fellows's brigade. 

Adams, Simon. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Dewey's co.. Col. Jonathan Smith's 
regt. 

Adams, Smith, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3 days. 

Adams, Smith. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 3, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 2 mos., at 
Cambridge. 

Adams, Solomon. Capt. John Ford's co. ; receipt for wages, etc., dated Ticonderoga, 
Aug. 28, 1776; also, receipt for money due Oct. 1, 1776, dated Ticonderoga. 

Adams, Solomon. Private, Capt. Benjamin Adams's co.. Col. Johnson's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern 
army. 

Adams, Solomon. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; pay rolls 
for service from Nov. 3, 1777, to April 3, 1778, 5 mos., at Cambridge. 



76 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.AILORS 

Adams, Solomon, Rowlev. Private; payroll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Rowley for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 6, 
1780 ; discharged Dec. 5, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 12 days. 

Adams, Solomon, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. James "Varnum's co.. Col. Michael 
Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to May lo, 1780. 

Adams, Solomon. Private, Capt. Adams Bailey's co., Col. John Bailey's (later Sprout's 
2d) regt.; enlisted Jul_v 10, 1780; enlistment, 6 months; reported deserted Dec. 
5, 1780. 

Adams, Stephen, Gorham. Private, Capt. Hart Williams's co., which marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Adams, Stephen, New Ipswich, N. H. Corporal; descriptive list of enlisted men; 
birthplace, Dunstable; age, 36 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, fair; eyes, 
blue; occupation, farmer ; enlisted April 23, 1775 ; mustered July 11, 1775; joined 
Capt. Ezra Town's co., Col. James Read's regt. 

Adams, Stephen, Newbury. Private, Capt. Silas Adams's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
service, 2 mos. ; roll dated June 29, 1777. 

Adams, Stephen, Medway. List of men detached from Capt. Moses Adams's co. to go 
to Providence, R. I., to serve until Jan. 1, 1779, dated June 22, 1778. 

Adams, Stephen. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's ;regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 3, 1778; discharged Jul.y 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days; 
also, muster roll dated Winter Hill, May 11, 1778. 

Adams, Stephen. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 7, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 27 days ; company detached 
to fortify a post at Boston. 

Adams, Stephen. Private, Capt. Tliomas Hodsdon's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; 
enlisted May 24, 1778; discharged Feb. 12, 1779; service, 9 mos. 8 days; enlist- 
ment, 8 months ; roll dated Berwick ; also, pay rolls for June-Sept., 1778, dated 
West Point; also, pay rolls for Dec, 1778, and Jan., 1779, dated King's Ferry. 

Adams, Stephen, Reading. Capt. James Horton's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. of artifi- 
cers; enlistment, during war; roll dated July 20, 1780. (Captain reported to be 
of Connecticut.) 

Adams, Stei'hen. Capt. Simeon Cole's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; return of 
men raised to march to Horse Neck ; coniiianj- drafted from Rehoboth and Bristol 
Co. towns ; reported did not join regiment. 

Adams, Theodoue, Marblehead. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Jonathan Glover's (5th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Adams, Theodohe, Boxford. Private; list of deserters from Major's co., Col. 
Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt., dated Camp Ten Eyck, Aug. 27, 1780 ; deserted March 
5, 1777. 

Adams, Thodeu. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Adams, Thomas, Boxford. Private, Capt. John Cushing's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Adams, Thomas, Harpswell. Private, Capt. James Curtis's co.. Col. Phinney's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 25 days; 
also, Capt. Curtis's co.. Col. James Cargill's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 1775; service, 
5 mos. 5 days. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 77 

Adams, Thomas, Charlestown, No. 4. Corporal, Capt. Seth Murray's co., Col. Benja- 
min Rucr£rles Woodbridge's (25111) vegt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, 
June 29, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; service, 
3 mos. 7 days ; also, Sergeant ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 30, 1775 ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, 
Oct. 25, 1775. 

Adajis, Thomas, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded l)y Lieut. 
Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Walker's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775 ; also, company return [prob- 
ably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Adajis, Thomas, Harpswell. Ensign, Capt. AVinthrop Baston's co. ; enlisted Feb. 1, 

[company known to have been raised in Feb., 177(5, for 2 months service 

before Boston] ; also. Ensign, Capt. Baston's co.. Col. Jacob French's regt. ; 
company raised in Bristol and Cumberland counties ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned March 26, 1776; stationed at Winter Hill, Feb. 27, 1776. 

Adams, Thomas, Lexington. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance ; service at Dorchester Heights, Nov., 1776. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract 
for gun and blanket money, agreeable to Act of Nov., 1776; also, list of men in 
service for 3 months, guarding stores at Boston, from Dec, 1776, to Feb., 1777. 

Adams, Thomas, Cambridge. Private, Capt. John Bridge's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776 ; discharged March 8, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; stationed 
at Roxburj' ; also, Capt. John Walton's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 
1776; discharged Nov. 11, 1776; service, 1 mo. 26 days; roll dated North Castle; 
also, return of men dated Oct. 31, 1776; reported in hospital; also, pay roll for 
service from Dec. 9, 1776, to Dec. 18, 1776, 9 days, at Noddle's Island. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Warner's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; pay abstract for 
travel allowance, sworn to Oct. 30, 1776. 

Ada_ms, Thomas, Boxford. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Peabody's co.. Col. Edward Wig- 
glesworth's regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga home, 
in 1776. 

Adams, Thomas, Medfield. List of men enrolled on alarm list, dated June 10, 1776; 
age, 51 yrs. ; also, list of men who received money for " turns done in last wars 
in the days of Capt. Morse the 1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 1776; 
also, list of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, agreeable to a warrant 
issued by Lieut. Baxter, May 8, 1777; reported " vacant." 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 2 mos. 18 days. 

Adajis, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Farrar's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; company drafted from 
Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt., to reinforce Northern army under Gen. Gates. 

Adams, Thomas. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship " Lord 
Sandwich," and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of 
Council of May 12, 1777 ; also, Capt. John Hinkley's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's 
regt.; enlisted Feb. 13, 1778; discharged May 13, 1778; service, 3 mos., with 
guards at Boston, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 



78 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, Thomas, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's co., Col. John Smith's 
rejrt., commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of April 19 
and April 30, 177.J ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Josiah Fuller's co.. Col. Wheelock's 
rejjt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; discharged Jan. 1, 1777 ; service, 23 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; marched to Warwick, R. I. ; also, list of men who went to Rhode 
Island for 27 days, dated Aug. I'j, 1778. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Porter's regt. ; roll for 
equipments dated Nov. 9, 1778. 

AiiAMs, Thomas. Private, Capt. Philip M. Ulmer's co.. Col. McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
July 8, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 16 days, on an expedition 
to Penobscot. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Peabody's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's (1st) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. U, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days. 
Roll dated Middleton. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Hamant's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Adams, Thomas, Lexington. Descriptive list of enlisted men delivered to Capt. J. 
Cooper; Capt. Bridge's co., Col. Faulkner's regt.; age. 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in.; enlistment, 9 months; also, Capt. Dix's CO., Col. Wesson's (9th) regt.; 
enlisted July 18, 1779; discharged April 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Moses Adams's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 13 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Adams, Thomas, Boston. Clerk, ship " Rhodes," commanded by Capt. Nehemiah 
BufRngton ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 14, 1780 ; age, 23 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light. 

Adams, Thomas, Newburyport. Seaman, brig "Julius C.csar," commanded by Cajit. 
Nathaniel Bently; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 21, 1780; age, 
21 yrs. 5 mos.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light. Roll sworn to at 
Falmouth. 

Adams, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Ayer's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
8 days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated Haverhill. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Allton's co., Col. John Rand's regt.; 
enlisted July 9, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages dated Charlton, Feb. 19, 1782. 

Adams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Ilickok's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Sears ; enlisted Aug. 6, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Adajis, Thomas, Lexington. List of men detached from Capt. Bridge's or Capt. 
Brown's co.. Col. Brooks's regt., to relieve guards at Cambridge. 

Adams, Timothy, Chelmsford. List of men in Col. Baldwin's regt.. May 1, 177i5. 

Adams, Timothy, Wrentham. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.5; service, 9 days; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Moses Drai)er's co., Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's 37th) regt.; com- 
pany return dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Oct. 7, 177r); also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Dec. 27, 177"). 

Adams, Timothy. Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; 
discharged March 16, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 1.5 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 79 

Adams, Timothy. Private, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 13 days; 
inarched to reinforc'e Northern army. 

Adams, Timothy. Private, Capt. Joshua Parker's co., Col. Robinson's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 15, 1777; discharged Jan. 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adajis, Timothy', Chelmsford. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Ford's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; age, 18 jts. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, 
light ; occupation, farmer ; enlisted April 29, 1775 ; also. Private, Capt. Ford's CO., 
Col. Bridge's (27th) cegt ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, Capt. 
John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 13 days ; marched to reinforce Northern 
arm}-; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for the term of 
9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; Capt. Minot's 
CO., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; also, list of 9 months 
men returned as received July 20, 1778, by Col. Rufus Putnam. 

Adams, Timothy-. Private, Lieut. Hezekiah "Ware's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (-Ith 
SulTolk Co.) regt.; enlisted June 20, 1778; discharged July 14, 1778; service, 25 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Timothy. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Aug. 23, 1778; service, 29 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Timothy'. Capt. Edmund Longley's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
22, 1778; discharged Oct. 1, 1778; service, 9 days; company detached to guard 
and fortify posts in and near Boston. 

Adams, TnioTHY', Westford. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tj'ler's 
regt.; enlisted July 12, 1779; discharged Dec. 22, 1779; service, 5 mos. 16 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, Timothy. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suf- 
folk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
6 days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; regiment raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Adams, Timothy, Medway. Capt. Moses Adams's co. ; receipt for wages dated May 26, 
1778 ; also, descriptive list dated Dorchester, June 29, 1778, of men enlisted from 
Suffolk Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 14, 1778 ; Capt. Adams's co., Col. Hawes's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
5 in.; hair, dark; eyes, dark; nationality, American ; occupation, husbandman; 
conducted to camp by Capt. Davis ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men detached 
from Capt. Ellis's CO. ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; enlisted 
Aug. 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 months; also, Private, Capt. John Lincoln's co.. Col. 
Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 22 days. 

Adams, Titus. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawse's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; stationed at Little Compton, R. I. Roll dated Bellingham. 

Adams, Titus, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's co.. Col. John Smith's regt., 
commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of April 19 and 
April 30, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Joseph Lovell's (Independent) co., 
drafted from the 4th regt.; service, 22 days, at Warwick, R. I., Dec. 29, 1776; 
also, Sergeant, Capt. Sabin Mann's co., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; enlisted April 22, 
1777; discharged May 10, 1777; service on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, list 
of men detached to serve at Boston until Jan. 1, 1779, dated Sept. 23, 1778. 



80 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Adams, William, Sherbom. Private, Capt. Henry Leland's co.. Col. John Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Adams, William, Cambridge. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lock's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; enlisted May 3, [pro])ably 
1775]; also, Capt. Locke's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt.; 
company return dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Adams, William, HoUis, N. H. Private, Cajit. Reuben Dow's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
8 days; reported served in battle of Bunker Hill; also, company return dated 
Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Cambridge, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Adams, William, Easton. Private, Capt. Al)iel Mitchel's co., wliich marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; ser\ice, 11 days ; also, Capt. Francis Luscombe's co., Col. 
Timothy Walker's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, receipt for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Adams, William, Great Barrington. Private, Capt. William King's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775 ; service, 17 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, company return 
dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 17, 1775. 

Adams, William. Captain, Col. Thatcher's regt.; enlisted March 4, 177fi; discharged 
March 9, 1776; service, 5 days; marched by order of Gen. AVashington to take 
Dorchester Heights. 

Adasis, William. Corporal, Capt. John Ilall, Jr.'s, (1st) co.. Col. Palmer's regt.; 
enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 13, 1776; service, 9 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Adams, William, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Capt. Edmund Billings's co., 
Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; enlisted June 13, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; company 
assembled to drive the British ships out of Boston harbor. 

Adams, William. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Wolcott's co.. Col. Hopkins's regt. ; ser- 
\\c&, 16 days, between July 16, 1776, and Aug. 5, 1776 ; marched to the Highlands, 
N. Y. Roll sworn to in Berkshire Co. 

Adams, William. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Aug. 26, 1776, who were tried by general court martial of the 3d 
brigade, Maj. Duffe, President, for desertion; i)leaded guilty, and was sentenced 
to 39 lashes on bare back ; served in Capt. Adams's co.. Col. Poor's regt. 

Adams, William. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. I>oammi Baldwin, June 22, 1775; also, list of men not in Conti- 
nental service, enlisted by Capt. Thomas Mighill, Col. Baldwin's regt., Jan. 1, 
1776, for the year 1776, dated York; also, Capt. Mighill's co.. Col. Baldwin's 
(26th) regt. ; pay abstracts for Jan.-May, 1776 ; also, pay abstract for June, 1776, 
dated New York ; also, pay abstract for mileage, etc., in 1776, sworn to at Rowley, 
April 9, 1777. 

Adams, William, Easton. Gunner, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; enlisted May 20, 1776 ; pay rolls for service made up to May 7, 
1777; reported served as Bombardier from Nov. 1, 1776, and in Continental ser- 
vice from Dec. 1, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 81 

Adams, William. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., Col. Ephraim "Wheelock'a 
regt., Suffolk Co. brigade; enlisted April 21, 1777; discharged May 13, 1777; ser- 
vice, 22 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Adams, William. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Walcott's co., Col. John Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 22 
days ; marched hy order of Gen. Fellows to reinforce Northern army ; also, Capt. 
Zenas Wheeler's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Jul.v 21, 
1777 ; discharged Aug. 15, 1777 ; service, 26 days ; marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. 

Adams, William. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawen's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. 
of guards; enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged April 7, 1778; service, 13 days, 
at Roxbury. 

Adams, William, Newton. List of men who enlisted to serve for the tenn of 8 months 
from the time of their arrival at Peekskill, dated Dorchester, May 11, 1778; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Sumner's co., Col. Gill's regt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 1 in. ; hair, light ; eyes, dark ; occupation, husbandman ; enlisted for 
town of Dorchester ; marched to Peekskill in 1778. 

Adams, William. Capt. Eames's co. ; receipt for mileage to Cambridge, dated Hop- 
kinton, June 30, 1778. 

Adams, WiLLiAii. Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 3, 1778 ; discharged July 17, 1778 ; service, 14 days, at Win- 
ter Hill. 

Adams, William. Private, Capt. Elias Parkman's co. of guards; service, 15 days, 
from July 2, 1778. Roll dated Boston. 

Adams, William. Private, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Hawse's regt.; enlisted July 
28, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Adams, William. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 
Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Adams, William. Private, Capt. John Ellis's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; enlisted 
June 10, 1778; discharged Jan. 2;?, 1779; service, 7 mos. 13 days; company raised 
to fortify and secure passes of the North River, N. Y. ; also, pay rolls for June- 
Sept., 1778, dated Fort Clinton; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated 
King's Ferry. 

Adams, William. Private, Lieut. John Flint's (late Capt. Asa LawTence's) co.. Col. 
Thomas Poor's regt. ; enlisted June 16, 1778; discharged Feb. 11, 1779; service, 
8 mos. 9 days, at White Plains ; company raised to fortify and secure passes of 
the North River, N. Y. ; also, pay rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Fort 
Clinton; also, pay rolls for Sept. and Nov., 1778, dated West Point. 

Adams, Willi.oi, Brooktield (also given Spencer) . Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. N. Hamilton's(lst)co., Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) 
regt., dated Sept. 15, 1777; joined Capt. Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah White's CO., Col. Deney's regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778; enlisted for town 
of Spencer; joined Capt. Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; 
also. Private, Capt. Field's co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Slayton's 
CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster return dated Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Slayton's co. ; muster rolls for July, Aug. and Oct., 1778, dated 
Providence; also. Private, Capt. Slayton's co. ; muster roll for Nov., 1778, dated 
Providence; also, Capt. John Wright's (Light Infantry) co. ; muster roll for 
March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on command at North 
Kingston ; also, Capt. George Webb's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; 



82 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adams, "William, continued. 

Continental Array pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 1, 1780; 
reported deserted March 1, 1780; also, list of deserters; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; enlistment, during war; deserted 
April 18, 1780; left ranks in the Highlands. 

Adams, William. List of men engaged for Continental service from Col. "William 
Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt. ; reported a stranger; enlisted for town of 
Roxbury; joined Capt. Sumner's co , Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, 
to expire April, 1780; also, Private, Capt. Job Sunmer's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; also, Capt. Abraham Watson's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 14, 1780; reported 
deserted Feb. U, 1780. 

Adams, AVilliam, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780; "Ward 
No. 1 CO., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, .t ft. 6 in. ; 
complexion, brown; enlistment, 3 months; marched under command of Brig. 
Gen. John Fellows. 

Adams, "William. Drummer, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Adams, William, Wrentliam. I'rivate, Capt. Jolin Boyd's co., Col. Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.'); service, 9 days; also, Capt. Asa 
Fairbanks's co., Col. Benjamin llawes's regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 31, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. 
Fairbanks's co.. Col. AVheelock's regt., commanded by Maj. Metcalf; enlisted 
Dec. 8, 1777; discharged Dec. 31, 1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; marched to Providence and Warwick ; also, Capt. Fairbanks's co.. Col. 
John Daggett's regt.; enlisted Aug. 24, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 
11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Corporal, Capt. Fairl^anks's co., Maj. 
Seth Bullard's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; ser-vice, 
13 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Franklin. 

Adams, William. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 2 
days. 

Adams, William, Chelmsford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield Jul}' 2, 1780; 
marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. Phineas Parker; also, 
pay roll for G months men raised by the town of Chelmsford for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched June 30, 1780; discharged Dec. 6, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 17 days ; company raised for service at North River, N. Y. 

Adam.s, William, Great Barrington (also given Sheffield). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Goodrich's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; joined 
Capt. Ward's co., Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. 
Private, Capt. William AVatson's co.. Col. Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of 
Roxbury; also, Capt. Nahum Ward's co.. Col. Wesson's regt.; return of men 
in camp on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated March 6, 1779; also, Capt. J. Edes's 
CO., Col. Wesson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to July 1, 1780; reported deserted. 

Adams, William. Fifer, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-Aj)ril, 1781, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 83 

Adams, William. Descriptive list of officers and crew of ship " Aurora" (privateer), 
commanded b.v Capt. David Porter, dated Boston, June 16, 1781 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 4 ft. 10 in. 

AuAMs, William, Boston. Tailor, ship "Franklin," commanded lj_v Capt. Allen 
Ilallet; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 20, 1781 ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
complexion, light. 

Adams, William. List of men on a return for bounty paid for enlistment, signed by 
selectmen of Boston, Oct. 31, 1782. 

Adams, Zebadiau, New Marlborough. Private, Capt. Moses Soul's co., Col. John 
Fellows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, from'Sandisfield and New Marlborough; service, 17 days; also, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 1, 1775. 

Adams, Zebadiah. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged Aug. 15, 1777; service, 39 days; 
marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. 

Adams, Zebadiah. Sergeant, Capt. Simon Adams's co.. Col. John Coller's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 20, 1781 ; service, 12 days, on an alarm 
at the Northward ; regiment ordered out by Col. John Ashley, of Gen. Fellows's 
brigade. 

Adams, Zebulox, Falmouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Noyes's co. ; enlisted July 11, 1775; 
discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at Falmouth; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel Johnson's (1st) co., Essex 
Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; enlisted for town of Andover; enlistment to expire 
Jan. 1, 1780 ; joined Capt. Ellis's co. ; also, return of men enlisted into Continen- 
tal Army from Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 
1778; enlisted for town of Andover; enlistment, 3 j'ears; joined Capt. Ellis's co., 
Col. Bigelow's regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Ellis's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Feb. 1, 
1778 ; reported deceased. 

Adamsox, . [This name also appears under the form of Addamson.] 

Adamson, Johx. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's (Artillery) co.; enlisted Dec. 10, 
1782; discharged Aug. 21, 1783; service, 8 mos.; also, return of men entitled to 
receive clothing for 1782, dated Boston. 

Adamson, Robert. Master; list of prisoners sent to Boston in the cartel "Swift," 
from Halifax, Sept. 30, 1778 ; also, petition dated Boston, Dec. 1, 1781, asking that 
said Adamson be appointed commander of the sloop " Revenge; " commissioned 
Dec. 21:, 1781. 

Adaxtox, Thomas, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co., Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's regt. ; muster return [year not given] ; reported " enlisted twice, taken 
by the former officer." 

Adcison, John. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. to serve in Capt. Nathaniel 
Winslow's CO., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt., on a return made by Nathaniel 
Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, Jan. 19, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Adcock, William, Boston. Private, Major's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Oct. 9, 1779; enlisted 
Dec. 16, 1777 (?); reported deserted Oct. 9, 1779; also, Capt. Ezra Lunt's co., 
Col. David Henley's regt.; pay rolls for April and May, 1778, dated Providence; 
also, Capt. William Scott's co., Col. Henley's regt ; pay roll for November, 1778; 
also, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's (3d) co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 
1779, dated Pawtuxet; reported on command at Easton, Penn. ; enlistment, dur- 
ing war. 



84 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AucocK, AV'iLMAM, Cambridge. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; 
age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. Hi in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, dark; 
occupation, laborer; enlisted Feb. 27, 1781; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

AuuAiii, J.VMEs. Private, Capt. Allen McLane's co., Lieut. Col. John Parke's regt.; 
pay roll for service from July 31, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778, 1 mo. 

Addajis, Ahel, Lincoln. Private, Capt. AVilliam Smith's co., Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 1!>, 177"); service, 5 days. 

Addams, Abel. Private, Capt. Reul>en Dickinson's co. ; list of men returned as serv- 
ing on picket guard. May 23, 177.'), under Maj. Lakhviii. 

ADDA3IS, Abel. Private, Capt. Zachariah Fitch's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; 
service from Aug. 23, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 9 days. 

AuDAMS, Amos. Private, Capt. Zachariali Fitch's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
service from Aug. 23, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 9 days. 

Addams, Anduew, Milton. Sergeant, Capt. Oliver Vose's co.. Col. llol)ertson's regt. ; 
service, 15 days ; marched to Iloxbury after Concord fight, and there did service 
before formation of army. 

Addams, Benjamin. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, June 22, 1775. 

Addams, Benoni, Charlton. Private, Capt. Jacob Davis's co.. Col. Ebenezer Larned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Iloxbury; service, 6 
days ; reported enlisted iuto the army. 

Addams, Bixkley, AVeston. Private, Capt. Jesse "Wyman's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted May 10, 1777; discliarged July 10, 1777; service, 2 mos. 
9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; reported discharged at Point Judith. 

Addams, Emeusox, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co., Col. Joiiatliau Tit- 
comb's regt. ; enlisted April 25, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Warren, R. I. 

Addams, ErnuAiM. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. Cyprian How's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 7 days. 

Addams, Heman, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co., Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted June 3, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 7 mos. 

Addams, Isaac. Private, Capt. Benjamin Gould's co.. Col. Wade's (Essex Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 6, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 17 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Addams, James, Boston. Gunner, Capt. Callender's co.. Col. Gridloy's (Artillery) 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 6, 1775; service, 2 mos. 

Addams, James, AVest Springfield. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days ; also, order for liounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Addams, James. Private, Capt. Zachariah Fitch's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
service from Aug. 23, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 9 days. 

Addams, James. Private, Capt. Francis Stone's co.. Col. James Converse's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Bennington, in Aug., 1777. 

Addams, James. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt.; pay roll for 
Nov., 1778; service, 1 mo. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 85 



Addams, James, Lincoln. Private, Capt. Josepli Griffeth's co., Col. John Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 raos. 3 days. 

Addams, Jamks, Lincoln. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; 
return of men in camp at White Plains [year not given] . 

Addams, Joel, Lincoln. Private, Capt. William Smith's co., Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Addams, John. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Cambridge, 
May 1.0, 177"), under Maj. Baldwin. 

.\ddams, John, Sharon. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. John Paterson's 
('2Gth) regt. ;-company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlcstown, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Addams, John. Private, Capt. Josiah Wilder's co., Col. Xathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 29 days, at Saratoga. 

Addams, John. Sergeant, Capt. Lemuel May's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted 
March 23, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 14 days, at Roxbury lines. 

Addams, John. Drummer, Capt. Adam Kasson's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 21, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Claverack ; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Addams, Johx, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Yose's co.. Col. Robertson's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 10 days ; marched to Iloxl)ury after Concord fight, and there did service 
before formation of army. 

Addams, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Israel Hicks's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Addams, Jonathan. Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co., Col. James Scammon's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 1, Cambridge, Nov. 
22, 1775. 

Addams, Jonathan. Capt. William Bacon's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 19, 1775 

Addams, Joseph. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Cam- 
bridge, May 15, 1775, under Maj. Baldwin. 

Addams, Nehemiah. Capt. Gideon Parker's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 28, 1775. 

Addajus, Pavi,. Capt. Stephen Kent's co., raised for sea coast defence in Essex Co.; 
order for wages dated Watertown, Dec. 15, 1775 ; stationed at Newbury. 

Addams, Peter. Private, Capt. Josiah Wilder's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 10 days, on an alarm 
at Bennington. 

Addams, Phineas. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowlee's co., Lieut. Col. Timotliy Rol)in- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; enlistment to expire March 
25, 1777; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777. 

Addams, Phineas. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; 
enlisted March 30, 1778; enlistment, 3 months; muster roll dated Cambridge, 
June 1, 1778. 

Addams, Saint. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; 
roll made up for rations from May 26, 1777, to May 28, 1777, 3 days. 

Addams, Samuel. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. and returned by Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master; mustered between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war. 



86 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Addams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Adam Kasson's co., Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 8 daj-s, at Claver- 
ack ; enlistment, 3 mouths. 

Addams, Samuel. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. Cyprian How's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt.; enlisted Jul}- 27, 1780; discliarged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 7 da.vs. 

Addams, Scipio, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Dow's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 
26, 1780. 

Addams, Stephen, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co., Col. Jonathan Tit- 
comb's regt.; enlisted April 25, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Warren, R. I. 

Addams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Blaney's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. 
of guards; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; roll made up to Fel). 3, 1778; service, 22 days, 
at Cambridge; also, pay roll for service from Feb. 9, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 1 mo. 
25 days, at Cambridge. 

Addams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; pay roll 
for Nov., 1778; service, 1 mo. 

Addams, Thomas. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; discharged Aug. 25, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
7 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Belcliertown. 

Addams, William. List of men returned by committee for settling disputes between 
towns as to soldiers credited to them, dated Barre, June 25, 1778 ; said Addams 
claimed by Capt. Hamilton, allowed to Capt. Livermore of Spencer. 

Addams, William. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. to serve in Capt. Ward's 
CO., as returned by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master ; mustered between Jan. 
20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Addamson, Thomas. Portledge bill of ship "Duke De Chartres," commanded by 
Capt. Alexander Wilson, from Feb. 25, 1777, to June 10, 1777, 3 mos. 15 days; 
reported a black Ijoy. 

Addems, Edward, Charlton. Private, Capt. Curtiss's co., Col. Learned's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; reported enlisted in the train, June 
11, i775. 

Adderson, , Salem. Captain, Col. Israel Hutchinson's regt.; list of prisoners at 

Long Island as returned by Col. Hutchinson, dated Boston, Aug. 16, 1777. 

Addekson, Edward. Seaman, United States brig " General Gates," commanded by 
Capt. John Skinner; list of men showing prize shares; reported entitled to one 
share. 

Adderthorx, Samuel, Sheffield (also given Taconic Mountains). Descriptive list of 
men enlisted from Berkshire Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their 
arrival at Fishkill, May 31, 1778; Capt. Spurr's co., Col. Ashley's regt.; age, 30 
yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, black. 

Addertox, Thomas, Dux1)ury. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Dux- 
bury for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; nuirched July 3, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Jan. 14, 1781; service, 6 mos. 18 days. 

Addingtox, Ebexezer. Seaman ; list of prisoners delivered to Col. Gabriel Johonnot 
by Charles Waller, Commissary of Prisoners, at Rhode Island, March 17, 1778. 

Addisox, . [This name also appears under the form of Adderson, Adison.] 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 87 

Addison, Thomas. Private, Col. Benjamin Tapper's (10th) regt. ; pay rolls for ser- 
vice from July 1, 1781, to April 10, 1782, 9 mos. 10 days; reported deserted April 
10, 1782. 

Addithon, Thomas. Private, Capt. William "Weston's co. ; enlisted June 22, 1776- 
discharged Nov. 19, 1776; stationed at the Gurnet for the defence of Plymouth 
harbor. 

Addition, Samuel, Gageborough [Windsor]. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co., 
which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
Gageborough and Partridgetield ; service, U days; reported enlisted into the 
army May 5,J775; also, Capt. Watkins's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; company- 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Addition, Thomas, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co., Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt. ; pay rolls for service from July 11, 1779, to Jan. 1, 1780, 6 mos. 23 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Additon, . [This name also appears under the form of Adanton, Aderton, Adder- 
thorn, Adderton, Addithon, Addition, Additton, Arditon.] 

Additon (alias Atherton), Abijah, Harpswell. Private, Capt. Reed's co.. Col. Brooks's 
regt. ; Continental Array pay accounts for service from Jan. 29, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; reported taken prisoner Nov. 9, 1778. 

Additon, John. Private, Capt. William Lithgovv's co. ; pay rolls for service from Au". 
8, 1776, to Nov. 23, 1776, 3 mos. 17 days ; stationed at Falmouth. 

Additon, John, Harpswell. Private, Capt. Benjamin Parker's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 25, [probably 1778] ; enlistment, 6 months, for service 
at Rhode Island. 

Additon, Samvel, Gageborough [Windsor]. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co., 
Col. John Patterson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 3 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Charlestown, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Additon, Thomas, Duxbury (also given Pembroke). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., dated Feb. 23, 1778; joined 
Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, receipt for bounty paid him by selectmen of the town of Duxbury for enlist- 
ment in the Continental Army, dated June 30, 1779 ; marched to Providence, R. I. 

Additon, Thomas, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted Sept. 1, 1779; discharged Dec. 15, 1779; service, 3 mos. 15 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Additton, Thomas. Private, Capt. William Weston's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1776; ser- 
■vice, 3 mos. ; stationed at the Gurnet, Plymouth harbor. 

Addleton, James, Boston. Capt. Thomas Urann's co. of Artillery artificers ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Oct. 1, 1779; also, Col. 
Flower's regt.; statement of Continental balances certified Sept. 27, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; stationed at Springfield. 

Addoms, Benoni, Charlton. Fifer, Capt. William Campbell's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt. ; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Addoms, John. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776 ; discharged 
Sept. 1, 1776; service, 3 mos. Roll dated Marblehead. 

Addoms, Joseph. Return of men in (late) Capt. Smart's co., 3d regt., for clothing sub- 
sequent to Jan. 1, 1781. 



88 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Addoms, Stephen. Private, Capt. Thomas Hodsdon's co., Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted May 24, 1778; discharged Feb. 12, 1779; service, 9 mos. 8 da.vs; enlist- 
ment, 8 months. Roll dated Berwick. 

Addoms, AVilliam. Private, Capt. Jonathan Shaw's co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; 
service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company raised in Raynham, 
Taunton and Easton ; marched on a secret expedition, Sept., 1777. 

Addvms, Ish.\el, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
13 weeks, 1 day. 

Ademes, Petek. Receipt for bounty paid him by Elisha Codding to serve in the Con- 
tinental Army for the term of 3 years, dated June 4, 1781. 

Adems, Johx. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; 
return dated Feb. 2, 1778; mustered by muster master of Worcester Co.; resi- 
dence not given, " a stroller ; " reported deserted. 

Adensperger, Charles. Private, Capt. Samuel Gregg's co., Col. James Cargill's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 17 days; 
stationed at St. Georges, W'aldoborough and Camden. 

Aderton, Badger, Harpswell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nehemiah Curtis's (1st Harpswell) co., Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d Cum- 
berland Co.) regt., dated Dec. 15, 1777; joined Capt. Reed's co., Col. Alden's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; return made to Col. Nathaniel Purrinton. 

Aderton, Thomas, Pembroke. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James 
Hatch, Muster Master, between March 5 and March 22, 1777 ; joined Capt. 
Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; age, 40 yrs. ; enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Adison, Samuel. Seaman ; list of prisoners delivered to Col. Gabriel Johonnot by 
Charles AValler, Commissary of Prisoners, at Rhode Island, March 17, 1778. 

Adkins, Elihv. Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; discharged Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days, 
under Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; company raised to reinforce Northern 
army. Roll dated Granville. 

Adkins, Jos. Seaman; list of prisoners delivered to Col. Gabriel Johonnot by Charles 
Waller, Commissary of Prisoners, at Rhode Island, March 17, 1778. 

Adkins, Samvel, Great Barrington. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Goodrich's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; mustered between Jan. 20, 1777, 
and June 1, 177H; joined Capt. Warren's co., Col. Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years; also, return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Adkins, William. Private, Capt. John Williams's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for June, 1781 ; enlisted March 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; reported 
on command at West Point. 

Adkinson, Edward. List of men in Capt. Chambers's co. ; reported deserted March 
24, 1782. 

Adkinson, Jamks. Marine, sloop " Wintlirop," commanded by Capt. George Little; 
enlisted March 22, [year not given] ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Adkinson, John. List of officers and crew of brigantine "GritHn," connnanded by 
Capt. Gideon Henfield, sworn to May 23, 1781 ; also, petition dated Boston, April 
16, 1781, asking that said Adkinson be appointed commander of Imgantine 
"Hound;" age, 30 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; commissioned 
April 19, 1781. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 89 

Adkixson, William. Private, Capt. John Williams's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill; enlisted March 15, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on command at "West Point ; also, muster roll 
for Sept., 1781 ; reported on command with Col. Swift; also, muster roll for Oct. 
and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; reported on command at Philadelphia; also, 
muster roll for Jan., 1782; also, muster roll for March, 1782, dated York Huts. 

Adkison, William. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster rolls for May and July, 1781 ; enlisted March 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported on command at West Point in July, 1781. 

Adlington, Elisha. Private, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged May 12, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Boston, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Admas, John, Templeton. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Wilder's co.. Col. 
Grout's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; enlisted July 
8, 1779 ; enlistment, 9 months ; marched to Springfield. 

Adminster, Noah. Bo}-, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged March 6, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. 

Adomes, Jqhx, Sharon. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. Patterson's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 9, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 

Adoms, Abel, Brookline. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Adoms, Amos, Groton. Private, Capt. Henry Haskell's co., Col. Prescott's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance, dated Camp at Cambridge, Jan. 13, 1776. 

Adoms, Andrew. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Badcock's (2d East Milton) co.. Col. 
Benjamin Gill's (3d Suffolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned March 25, 1776. 

Adoms, Edward. Corporal, Capt. John Hartwell's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract 
for gun and blanket money agreeable to resolve of Nov. 27, 1776. 

Adoms, James. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; ser- 
■vice, 3 days ; company called out March 4, 1776, to fortify Dorchester Heights ; 
marched from Lincoln. 

Adoms, James, Newton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as ha%ing passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Adoms, John, Groton. Private, Capt. Henry Haskell's co.. Col. Prescott's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance, dated Camp at Cambridge, Jan. 13, 1776. 

Adoms, John. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; enlisted Jan. 4, 1776; service, 
1 mo. 28 days. Roll dated Marblehead. 

Adoms, Joseph. Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. James Frye's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Adoms, Peter, Raynham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Bristol Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 1 (also given June 
19), 1778; 4th co.. Col. Williams's regt.; age, 29 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; com- 
plexion, black. 

Adoms, Peter, Townsend. List of men raised for the 6 montlis service and returned 
bj- Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 



90 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Adojis, Phixeas, Paxtoii. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; Capt. 
Maynard's co., Col. Denny's regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, 
light. 

Adoms, Samuel. Private, Capt. James Tisdale's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt., 
later commanded by Lieut. Col. James Mellen ; muster rolls for Sept. and Oct., 
1782, and Jan. and Feb., 1783; also, Capt. Tisdale's (4th) co.. Col. Michael Jack- 
son's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1783. 

Adoms, Solosiox, Rowley. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Adoms, Thomas. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. 
of guards ; enlisted April 18, 1778 ; discharged July 3, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 15 
days, at Cambridge. 

AD03IS, Titus, Medway. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. Col. L. Robinson's regt. ; 
enlisted Jan. 29, 1776; service, 2 mos. 4 days; regiment raised in Suffolk and 
York counties. Roll dated Roxbury. 

Adoms, William, Chelmsford. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Adrew, John', Brunswick. Private, Capt. James Curtis's co., Col. James Cargill's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 9, 1775; service, 5 mos. 5 days. 

Adson, Nathaniel. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Sawyer's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776; reported re-engaged Nov. 13, 1776. 

Adverson, John. Private, Capt. Bartholomew York's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776; reported died March 13, 1776. 

Aegor, Zerubbarel. Capt. Tisdale's CO., 3d regt. ; list of men returned in 1780; en- 
listment, 6 months. 

Aeors, Moses, Newbury. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt. ; service, 3 days, in marching to camp and home again; roll sworn to Nov. 
29, 1776. 

JSsops, . [This name also appears under the form of Esop.] 

.Esops, Isaac, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Ephraim Cleavland's co.. Col. Michael 
Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, 
to ; reported deserted. 

Aferman, Patrick, North Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d Cumijerland Co.) regt., made agreeable to 
resolve of April 29, 1778 ; joined Capt. John Reed's co., Col. Alden's regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Agar, Jonathan, Weymouth. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted June 10, 1775; service, 6 mos. 15 days; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 30, 1775, payable to Col. Solomon 
Lovell; also, Capt. Trufant's co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; service, 3 mos. 16 days, 
at Weymouth. 

Agar, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; 
pay roll for 2 days service subsequent to March 10, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 91 

Agar, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Ager, Aaron. Private, Capt. Robert Cutting's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. Lovell's 
brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 10, 1778; service, 1 mo. 13 days, 
on an alarm at Rliode Island. 

Acer, Adrian. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.; enlisted Sept. 18, 1779; dis- 
charged Nov. 20, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 5 days, at Rhode Island. 

Acer, Benjamin, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., Col. Solomon 
Lovell's regt.T enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 8, 1776; service, 4 days; 
marched to take possession of Dorchester Heights. 

Ager, Ebenezer, Weymouth. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., Col. Solomon 
Lovell's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776 ; discharged March 8, 1776 ; service, 4 days ; 
marched to take possession of Dorchester Heights ; also, pay roll for 2 days ser- 
vice subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

Ager, James, Rehoboth. List of men enlisted from Bristol Co. for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 17, 1778; returned by Jonathan 
Warner, Commissioner. 

Ager, John, Boston. Descriptive list dated Dorchester, June 29, 1778, of men enlisted 
from Suffolk Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fish- 
kill; Col. Hatch's (Boston) regt.; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, 
light ; hair, light ; eyes, blue ; nationality, German ; conducted to camp by Capt. 
Robert Da%is, Col. Vose's regt. 

Ager, Jonathan Clark, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. Solo- 
mon Lovell's regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 8, 1776; service, 4 
days ; marched to take possession of Dorchester Heights. 

Ager, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Lapham's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. of guards ; enlisted April 2, 1778 ; discharged July 3, 1778 ; ser-vice, 3 mos. 1 
day, at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ager, Joseph. Sergeant ; receipt for wages for Dec, 1776, received of Benjamin Hey- 
wood, Paymaster of 4th regt. 

Ager, Lemuel. List of men in Capt. Tisdale's co., who received arms Julj- 21, 1780; 
reported new levies. 

Ager, Michael. Seaman, brigantine "Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallett; 
engaged June 12, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 2 mos. 20 days. 

Ager, Paul. Private, Capt. Daniel Haws's co.. Col. Samuel H. Parsons's regt. ; list 
of men from Worcester Co. on a certificate of enlistment, dated Camp at Iloxbury, 
Feb. 24, 1776; enlisted Dec. 5, 1775. 

Ager, Paul. Private, Capt. Josiah Wilder's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 29 days, at Saratoga. 

Ager, Simeon. List of men in Capt. Colton's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt., in need of 
blankets; certified by Col. Brewer, July 25, 1775. 

Ager, Zerubbabel. Fifer, Capt. James Tisdale's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; 
muster roll for Oct., 1780; enlisted July 5, 1780; enlistment, 6 months. 

Ager, Zerubbabel. Private, Capt. Daniel Bowker's co.. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 6, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 4, 1781 ; ser\-ice, 3 mos. 8 days ; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 



92 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AoN'ER, Sampson, Medford. List of men enlisted into Continental Army; enlisted for 
town of Concord ; also, receipt for clothing received of Benjamin Ileywood, Pay- 
master, Col. Nixon's regt., dated Dec. 8, 1778. 

Agor, Aaron. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Agrey, Thomas, Gardner's Town. Corporal, Capt. Oliver Colbum's co. of Minute- 
men, Col. Arnold's regt.; enlisted July 25, 1775; discharged Aug. 14, 1775; ser- 
vice, 20 days. 

Aguy, . [This name also appears under the form of Agrey.] 

Aory, David, Gardner's Town. Private, Capt. Oliver Colburn's co. of Minute-men, 
Col. Arnold's regt.; enlisted July 25, 1775; discharged Aug. 14, 1775; service, 
20 days. 

Agur, Nahum. Lieutenant Colonel, Col. John Fellows's regt. ; list of officers in camp 
at Roxbury, May 23, 1775. 

Aharn, Timothy. List of men who signed the oath of allegiance, dated Feb. 24, 
1777. 

Ahem, Timothy. Private, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of 
Sudbury. 

Ahern, • [This name also appears under tlie form of Aharn, Ahem, Ahzen.] 

Ahern, Timothy. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; 
muster rolls for Jan., Feb., March and April, 1779, dated Providence; also, list 
of deserters from Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt., dated Camp Highlands, July 13, 
1780; birthplace, Ireland; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; 
hair, brown. 

Ahzen, Timothy, Sudbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Maynard's co.. Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt.; enlistment, during war; 
joined Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Patterson's regt [year not given]. 

AiARS, Moses. Order for wages due Nov. 1, 1775, for service in Capt. Stephen Kent's 
CO., dated Gloucester; also, order for wages dated Watertown, Dec. 15, 1775; 
company raised for defence of sea coast in Essex Co. and stationed at Newbury. 

AiERS, Samuel, Manchester. Corporal, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (38th) regt.; return of men absent from muster; reported on sick 
leave, Sept. 19, 1775. 

AiKEMAN, Peter. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids; pay roll for 
service from May 31, 1778, to Oct. 1, 1778, 4 nios. Roll dated Boston. 

Aiken, . [This name also appears under the form of Acans, Acliens, Aikens, 

Aikin, Aikins, Akens, Akin, Akins, Akon.] 

Aiken, Atwood, Ilardwick. Corporal, Capt. Edmund Ilodges's co.. Col. Job Cush- 
ing's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
7 days, at the Northward. 

Aiken, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Avery Parker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's (2d 
Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 
6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 93 

Aiken, Israel, Hardwick. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Xew- 
hall. Muster Master; Capt. Pace's co., Col. Converse's regt. ; mustered May 
19, 1778; enlistment, 9 months; enlisted from Col. Denny's re!,'t. ; also, Capt. 
Timothy Paige's co., Col. James Conves's rejrt. ; return of men enlisted for 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill ; ar^e, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 
in.; complexion, light; reported belonged to 1st Hardwick co. and 2d co. in 4th 
Worcester Co. regt. ; also, Capt. Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Aiken, John. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; .discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at M'est Point; 
enlistment, 3 months ; also, receipt for wages for 3 months service in 1780, paid 
by the town of Hardwick, dated April 28, 1781. 

Aiken, Robert, Londonderry. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. ; Capt. Blan- 
chard's co., Col. Wesson's regt.; mustered June 11, 1777, by Thomas Newhall, 
Muster Master; enlistment, 8 months. 

Aiken, Solomon, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted May 5, 1777 ; discharged July 6, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days, 
at Rhode Island; also, Sergeant, Capt. Hodges's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at the 
Northward; also, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
7, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

AiKENS, Israel, Hardwick. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; 
Capt. Page's co.. Col. Converse's regt.; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; com- 
plexion, dark. 

AiKENS, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Dexter's co., Col. Learned's regt. ; pay abstract 
for mileage from Hardwick and return, dated Camp at Roxbury, Jan., 1776. 

AiKENS, Joseph. Petition dated Boston, May 5, 1777, asking that said Aikens be 
appointed 1st Lieutenant of the schooner " Freedom," commanded by Capt. 
James Colven, ordered to join fleet under Commodore Manley. 

Aikens, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Samuel Dexter's co.. Col. Learned's regt. ; pay 
abstract for mileage from Hardwick and return, dated Camp at Roxbury, Jan., 
1776. 

Aikens, Solomon, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

AiKERMAN, Peter. Private, Capt. Moses McFarland's co. of invalids. Col. Lewis 
Nichola's regt. ; muster rolls dated Boston, Sept. 9, 1779, and Oct. 2, 1779. 

AiKiN, Robert, Abington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Edward Mitchel's 
regt. ; enlisted March 4. 1776 ; discharged March 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; marched 
to the " Farms " at Braintree. 

AiKiN, Solomon, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days. 

Aims, Elijah. Private; list of men in 1st Mass. regt. who did not receive gratuity, 
granted agreeable to resolve of Jan. 15, 1781. 

AiNGER, Jesse, Billerica. List of men returned by Lieut. Col. William Thompson as de- 
tached from Capt. Moor's co. for expedition to Rhode Island ; list dated Billerica, 



94 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AiJfOER, Jesse, continued. 

Auj,'. 2, 1778; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, dated Lincoln, July 21, 1779; 
Capt. Pollard's co., 7th reirt. ; age, 16 .vrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; also, Private, Major's 
CO., Col. Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also given as Drummer on returns for Jan.-July, 1780; 
also, descrii)tive list of enlisted men, dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781 ; joined 
Capt. Pike's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, dark; enlistment, during war; enlisted by Lieut. Holden; 
also, Private, Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt. ; 
return of men in service for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; reported transferred to Armand'B 
Corps, Nov. 1, 1781. 

AixGEK, RoBEiiT. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co.. Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; ser'sice, 5 days. 

AiNGER, Robert, Billerica. Private, Capt. John Ford's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
(27th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 11 days; also, companj' return dated Sept. 25, 1775. 

AiNSWORTu, . [This name also appears under the form of Andsworth, Anesworth, 

Annswoth, Answorth, Aynesworth, Aynswarth, Aynswath, Aynsworth.] 

AiNSWORTH, Aakox, Mcudou. Receipt for bounty paid him by Class No. 5 of the 
town of Mendon, to serve in Continental .\rray for the term of 3 years, dated 
"Worcester, June 14, 1782. 

AiNSwoRTH, Benjamin, Brooktield. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's 
regt.; Continentiil Army pay accounts for service from May 17, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780. 

AiNswoRTji, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Silas "Walker's co., Maj. Heath's detachment 
of guards; enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged P'eb. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 
days. 

AiNswoRTH, Ei.EMfEL, Sturbridgc. Private, Capt. Sylvanus AValker's co., Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; ser^^ce, 
3 mos. 1 week ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Roxbury, Nov. 7, 1775. 

AiNswoRTH, Luther. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; 
discharged Jan. 19, 1780; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield; also, pay 
roll for service from Jan. 20, 1780, to April 20, 1780, 3 mos., with guards at Spring- 
field; enlistment, 3 months. 

AiNSWORTH, Li-THER. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted 
July 20, 1780; service, 3 mos.; reported killed Oct. 19, 1780; enlistment, 3 
months. 

AiNSwoRTH, Moses, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Walker's co.. Col. Daniel- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 6, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
3 days. 

Air, Adam, Boston. Matross, Capt. Thomas AV. Foster's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 21 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money. 

Air, George, Dedham. Matross, Capt. William Treadwell's co.. Col. Crane's (3d 
Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 5, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; credited to town of Bridgewater; enlisted by Lieut. Andrews; en- 
listment, during war; also, muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated West 
Point; reported on furlough at Boston ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; reported 
promoted to Gunner, Aug. 1, 1781 ; also. Gunner; muster roll for Sept., 1781. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 95 

Air, John, Boston. Private, Capt. HafBeld White's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 11, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; credited to town of Middleton; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 
9, 1778; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Joshua Benson's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Putnam's 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison at West Point; reported trans- 
ferred from Capt. White's co., Feb. 1, 1781. 

Aire, John. Private, Capt. Haffield White's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; 
muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated West Point; reported on command 
with Infantry. 

Aires, Adam. Private, Lieut. Thomas Holland's co. ; enlisted Jan. 23, 1778; dis- 
charged May 1, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 9 days ; company drafted to serve as guards 
under Maj. Gen. Heath, on prison ship " Kingston " in Boston harbor. 

Aires, Asa. Private, Capt. Samuel Cook's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted Au". 
17, 1777; discharged Sept. 24, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days; company raised to 
reinforce Northern army. 

Aires, Frederick. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. and May, 1781, dated West Point; reported on 
command at the Lines in Jan., 1781. 

Aires, George. List of men in Capt. John Wood's (5th) co., Col. Baldwin's (38th) 
regt., absent from muster; reported sick in quarters, Sept. 23, 1775. List dated 
Chelsea. 

Aires, George. Private, schooner " Diligent," commanded by Capt. John Lambert; 
engaged Aug. 3, 1776 ; discharged Sept. 20, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Airs, Adam, Boston. Matross, Capt. Foster's co., Col. Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Airs, Amos. List of men in Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Porter's regt. ; cred- 
ited with 3 mos. 7 days service. 

Airs, Frederick, Chesterfield. Private, Capt. Reed's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 
31, 1780; also, Capt. Eliphalet Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster 
rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster roll for 
June, 1781; «/«o, muster roll for July, 1781, dated Phillipsburg; also, muster rolls 
for Aug. and Sept., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, 
dated Feb. 20, 1782; birthplace, Boston; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, 
light; hair, light; occupation, laborer ; enlisted May, 1777 ; joined Capt. Kliphalet 
Thorp's CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. 
Thorp's CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; list of men court-martialled ; tried Nov. 
2, 1782, by regimental court-martial, Capt. King, President, for stealing or secret- 
ing leather ; sentence, 50 lashes ; also, list of men furloughed ; 40 days leave 
given by Col. Vose, to go from New Windsor to Boston, Feb. 17, 1783. 

Airs, George, Charlestown. Private, Capt. John AVood's co., Col. Baldwin's (late 
Gerrish's) 37th regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, muster roll 
for Sept. and Oct., 1775; enlisted Maj- 22, 1775; also, receipt for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Medford, Dec. 28, 1775. 

Airs, John. Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Airs, John. Private, Capt. Andrew Grant's co.. Col. Josiah Brewer's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 18, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; marched to assistance of Machias. Roll dated 
Penobscot. 



9(3 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Airs, John. Private, Capt. Ilaffleld White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt. ; 
muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; reported under confinement. 

Airs, John, Hadley. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 

Samuel Cook's co., 4th Hampshire Co. re^t., dated Nov. 7, 1777; enlistment, 

3 years. 
Airs, Joseph. List of men serving as guards to prevent rescue of prisoners, dated 

Cambridge, May 11, 1776. 

Airs, Joseph. Drummer, Capt. John Walton's co. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776 ; discharged 
Dec. 13, 1776; service, 4 days, at Noddle's Island. 

Airs, Peter, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
(23d) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 12 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Airs, Samvel, Manchester. Corporal, Capt. Haffield White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(5th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 19, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; reported as serving 25 mos. 22 days as Corporal, 8 mos. 20 days as 
Private; enlistment, during war; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 
1778; also, muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated West Point. 

AiRT, Joseph, Barnstable. Private, Col. Sherburne's (later Henry Jackson's) regt.; 
Continental Army paj' accounts for service from July 1, 1777, to Aug. 2, 1777; 
reported deserted Aug. 2, 1777. 

Airy, N.vthaniei,, Athol. Private, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. J. Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1776; discharged Nov. 1, 1776; service, 3 mos.; also, 
receipt for advance pay, dated Hull, June 22, 1776. 

AiSH, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Thomas Robl)ins's co.. Col. John Allan's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 16, 1778; service, 18 days, at Machias. 

AiTKENS, Amos. Private, Capt. William Pearson's (3d) co. ; pay roll for service from 
Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 18, 1776, 2 mos. 18 days, at Gloucester. 

Aitkins, Amos. Private, Capt. William Pearson's co. ; service, 15 days, between June 
1, 1776, and Aug. 31, 1776, at Gloucester. 

Aitkins, John, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnal)as Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) .38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 24, 1775; 
service, 9 weeks 6 days; also, return of men in service Nov. 10, 1775, who are 
entitled to draw bounty coat. 

Aitkins, John. Private, Capt. William Pearson's (3d) co. ; pay roll for service from 
June 1, 1776, to Aug. 31, 1776, 3 mos., at Gloucester; also, pay roll for service 
between Sept. 1, 1776, and Nov. 18, 1776, 2 mos. 10 days, at Gloucester. 

Akeley, Joseph, Roxbury. Private, Capt. Hopestill Hall's co.. Col. Lemuel Rol)in- 
son's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 31, 1776; service, 21 days. 

Akelt, Francis. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co.. Col. Israel Chapin's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 
days. 

Akens, Jacob. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo., on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. 

Akerman, . [This name also appears under the form of Achman, Ackman, Acker- 
man, Aferman, Aikeman, Aikerman.] 

Akerman, Benjamin, Portsmouth. N. H. Corporal, Capt. Tol)ias Fernald's co.. Col. 
James Scainmon's (30th) re?t. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 21 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Fort No. 1, Nov. 28, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 97 

Akermax, Williasi, Bridgewater. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Abram Washburn's co., 3d riymoutli Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777 ; 
joined Capt. Keith's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Akers, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Poor's co. ; return of men in service for G weeks, 
dated Newbury, March 18, 1777. 

Akers, Johx. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Ang. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 28 days, in Northern 
department. 

Akers, John. Private, Capt. Alexander McClellan's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchel's 
regt. ; enlisted" Jul\- 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 2, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days, 
on expedition to Penobscot. Roll dated Gorham. 

Akers, Moses. Private, Capt. Stephen Kent's co. ; pay rolls for service from July 13, 
1775, to Dec. 9, 1775, 5 mos. 9 days ; stationed at Newburj'. 

Akers, Moses. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted July 3, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 

Akin, Bara. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co.. Col. John Hathaway's (2d Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Dartmouth. 

Akin, Robert, Hadley. Private, Capt. Eliakim Smith's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days ; also, order for advance pa.y, dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775. 

Akins, Atwood. Private, Capt. Samuel Dexter's co.. Col. Learned's regt.; pay 
abstract for mileage from Hardwick and return, dated Camp at Roxbury, Jan., 
1776. 

Akins, Atwood. Private, Capt. Newell's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.. Gen. Warner's 
brigade ; enlisted Nov. 3, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1778 ; service, 15 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention from Rutland to Enfield, Conn. 

Akins, Cornelius. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by Trueman Wheeler, 
Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; Capt. Chadwick's co.. 
Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Akins, Israel, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co.. Col. Dyke's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester to Hardwick. Roll dated 
Dorchester, Nov. 20, 1776. 

Akins, Jacob. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 30 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Akins, Moses, Great Barrington (also given Glass Works). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Goodrich's co., Col. Ashley's regt., between 
Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; joined Capt. Chadwick's co.. Col. Brewer's regt.; 
enlistment, during war. 

Akins, Robert, Londonderry, N. H. Private, Capt. Kellogg's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Akins, Robert. List of men in Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt. [year not given] . 

Akins, Solomon. Sergeant, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 



98 :massaciiusetts soldiers axd sailors 



Akiss, John, Newbury. Private, Capt. Joshua French's co., Col. Edward Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; pa.v abstract for mileage from Albany to Newbury, dated Jan. 30, 
1777. 

Aklet, Samvki,, IloUiston. Receipt for bounty paid him by Thaddeus Lovering for 
the town of llolliston to serve in Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
Boston, June 17, 1782. 

Aklet, Tho.mas, Dedham. Private, Capt. Joseph Guild's co.. Col. Greaton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days. 

Akox, Rokekt, Iladley. Private, Capt. Eliakim Smith's (later Moses Kellogg's) co., 
which marched April 20, 177"), in response to tlie alarm of April 19, 177"); service, 
7 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 27, 1775. 

Akor, Axdkew, Schoharie. Private, Capt. Dibble's co.. Col. Paterson's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Al [illegible] , Johx Henry, West Springfield. Receipt for bounty paid him Ijy Nathan 
Rowle for the town of West Springfield, to serve in Continental Army for term of 
3 years, dated Feb. 1, 1781. 

Alax, Natiiax-. Captain, Bridgewater co.. Col. Joseph Cushing's regt. ; list of otticers 
of Mass. militia, chosen by company, Dec. 26, 1776. 

Alart, Johx. Landsman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
enlisted Feb. 28, 1779; reported in the " Leverne." 

Alaxaxher, Hexry, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Enoch Robinson's co.. Col. Isaac 
Dean's regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 5, 1780; service, 7 days on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Alaxaxder, Miles, Sunderland. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Caleb Montague's (2d) co., 
6th Hampshire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 

7, 1776. 

Alba, Johx. Private, Capt. Stephen Smitli's co. ; enlisted Sept. 15, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at Machias. 

Alha, Reubex. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill. 

Alba, William. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co. ; enlisted Sept. 15, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at Machias; reported promoted 
to Corporal, Nov. 1, 1775. 

Albany, Johx. Private, Capt. Brooks's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; service, 3 mos., 
guarding stores at Boston, Dec, 1776-Feb., 1777. 

Albany, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged Julj' 17, 1778; service, 15 days, at 
Winter Hill. 

Albard, William, Goshen. Descriptive list of enlisted men, dated West Point, Feb. 
21, 1780 ; Capt. William Warner's co., 10th regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; 
complexion, liglit; hair, light; enlistment, during war; deserted July 1, 1780; 
list made up from Nov. 6, 1776. 

Albe, Asa, Medtield. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's co. ; return of men for equipments 
made up to June 10, 1776 ; age, 34 yrs. ; also, statements dated July 3 and Jul.v 

8, 1776, attested to by Capt. Mann, certifying that said Albe was unnecessarily 
absent from the Medfield militia; also, list of men dated Nov. 17, 1776, who 
received money for " turns done in last wars in the days of Capt. Morse the 1st, 
and Capt. Coolidge." 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 99 

Albe, Benjamix. Private, Capt. Israel Davis's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; discharged 
Sept. 1, 1776; service, 3 raos., at Boothbay. 

Albe, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Thomas Baker's co., Col. Benjamin Haws's legt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 12 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Upton. 

Albee, . [This name also appears under the form of Abee, Alba, Albe, Albev, 

Alby, Allbe, AUbee, Allby.] 

Albee, Abel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Read's co., Col. John Rand's (Worcester Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 12, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, at 
West Point; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Albee, Amaeiah, Mendon. Capt. Gershom Nelson's co. ; list of men dated July 19, 
1776; also. Private, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co., Col. Dike's re?t. ; return of men 
in service from Dec. 23, 1776, to March 1, 1777; alio, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Gershom Nelson's (2d) co., Worcester Co. regt., dated 
Feb. 13, 1778 ; joined Capt. Warren's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment to expire 
May, 1780; return made to Col. Moses AVheelock; also, (late) Capt. Isaac 
Warren's (6th) co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 20, 1777, to Sept. 26, 1777 ; reported died Sept. 26, 1777. 

Albee, Asa, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co., Col. John Smith's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.T ; service, 11 days ; also, list of men 
, who marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 22, 1777; reported delinquent 
on account of poor health. 

Albee, Asa, Mendon. Corporal, Capt. William Jennison's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury and Cambridge; service, 9 days; reported 
enlisted into the army; also, Private, Capt. Samuel Warren's co.. Col. Joseph 
Read's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 12 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 26, 1775; also, 
descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the term of 9 months from 
the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778, dated Leicester, June 2, 1778; 
Capt. Gershom Nelson's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
8 in.; complexion, light; hair, light brown; eyes, light; conducted to camp by 
Andrew Haskell. 

Albee, A.sa. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Dean's regt.; enlisted March 
4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Albee, Baezillai. List of men in Capt. Gershom Nelson's co., dated July 19, 1776. 

Albee, Baezillai. Private, Lieut. Seth Thayer's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d 
Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 23, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Providence, R. I. 

Albee, Benjamin, Charlton. Private, Capt. Samuel Curtis's co. (South co. of Charl- 
ton), which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; ser^^ce, 8 days. 

Albee, Benjamin, Edgecomb. Private, Capt. Israel Davis's co.. Col. Joseph Fry's 
regt.; enlisted March 7, 1776; discharged May 31, 1776; service, 2 mos. 25 days; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Dec. 5, 1776, 3 mos. 5 days, at 
Boothbay. 

Albee, Caleb, Charlton. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7in. ; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; enlisted Dec. 15,1781; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Albee, Caleb, Milford. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Milford for 
enlistment into Continental Army for the term of 1 year, dated Dec. 31, 1781. 



100 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS A^D SAILORS 

AxBEE, Ele.vzek, Mendon. Private, Capt. Andrew Peters's eo., Col. Joseph Read's 
(20tli) reiit.; muster roll dated Auj^. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 10 da.vs; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775; also, order 
for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Albee, Ele.\zer. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; service, 20 days, between Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 21, 1777, on an alarm at 
Providence, R. L 

Albee, Ichabod, Mendon. Private, Capt. Benjamin Richardson's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; pay aljstract for travel allowance to Dorchester Heights, dated Nov. 28, 
1776; credited with 2 days allowance; also, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co.. Col. 
Dike's regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, 
paj- abstract for gun and blanket money, dated Boston, March 31, 1777 ; reported 
in service from time of marching to Roxbury, in Aug., 1776. 

Albee, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Albee, Icjiabou. Private, Capt. Samuel Craggin's co. ; service, 2 mos. 26 days, at 
Rhode Island [year not given] . 

Albee, Isaac. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Sept. 5, 1776; tried by general court-martial, Lieut. Col. Dutfee, 
President ; charged with leaving the main guard without permission ; pleaded 
guilty, and sentenced to receive 39 lashes on bare back ; served in Capt. Lowry's 
CO., Col. Maxwell's regt. 

Albee, Jabez, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., wliich marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxljury ; service, 10 days ; reported enlisted into 
the army April 27, 1775; also, Capt. Andrew Peters's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
(20th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 12 da.ys; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Peter Penniman's (3d) 
CO., Worcester Co. regt., dated Mendon, Feb. 18, 1778; joined Capt. Clapp's co. 

Albee, James. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Col. Job. Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 24 days. 

Albee, James, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Samuel Read's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Read's co., Lieut. Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 21, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Albee, James. Private, Capt. Ichabod Thayer's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1870 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Albee, James. Corporal, Capt. Bezaleel Taft's (9th) co., Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d 
Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 
14 days, on an alarm at Rliode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. ; also, receipt 
for wages dated Uxbridge, April 25, 1781. 

Albee, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Craggin's co. ; service, 2 mos. 26 days, at 
Rhode Island [year not given] . 

Albee, James, Jr., Mendon. Private, Capt. Gershom Nelson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge and Roxbury; service, 9 days; also, 
list of men in Capt. Nelson's co., dated July 19, 1776. 

Albee, John, Mendon. Captain of company which marched on the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 9 days. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 101 

Albee, John, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's co., Col. John Smith's regt., 
under command of Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms of A\m[ 19 and 
April 30, 177"); service, 3 days; also, Capt. Josiah Fuller's co., Col. Wheelock's 
refjt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Warwick, R. I. 

Albee, John, Machias. Private, Capt. Jabez West's co.. Col. Jonathan Eddy's regt.; 
enlisted Nov. 14, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 1 mo. T) days; company 
raised at Cumberland, N. S. 

Albee, John. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Benjamin Hawse's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 daj-s, on au alarm at 
Rhode Island-j stationed at Little Compton, 11. I. Roll dated Bellingham. 

Albee, John. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 6, 1780 ; service, 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Albee, John, Mendon. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777; Capt. White's co.. Col. Francis's 
regt. ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Peter 
Penniman's (3d) co. (also given 1st co., as retm-ned by Lieut. Ammidon), 
Worcester Co. regt., dated Mendon, Feb. 18, 1778; joined Capt. White's co.. 
Col. Putnam's regt.; enlistment to expire Nov. (also given April 1), 1780; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Haffleld White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (4thJ regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from March 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; ser- 
vice, 24 mos. 12 days as Private, 8 mos. 21 days as Corporal ; also, Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descrip- 
tive list of enlisted men, dated West Point, Jan. 10, 1781 ; Capt. White's co.. Col. 
Putnam's (5th) regt. ; age, 23 yrs. 2 mos. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; 
hair, dark; eyes, dark; enlisted as Corporal by Col. Putnam, March 29, 1779; 
enlistment, during war; also, Corporal, Capt. White's co.. Col. Rufus Ptitnam's 
(5th) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; reported 
reduced to Private, April 11, 1781. 

Albee, Jonathan, Edgecomb. Private, Maj. Joseph Thompson's (8th) co., Col. 
Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Newbury; also, Capt. Jabez 
Lane's co. ; muster roll dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779 ; also, Maj. Peter 
Harwood's co. ; pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 1, 1780; enlistment, 3 years. 

Albee, Levi. Corporal, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's I'egt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 10 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Albee, Nathan. List of men in Capt. Gershom Nelson's co., dated July 19, 1776. 

Albee, Nathan. Private, Capt. Ichabod Thayer's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Albee, Obadiah. Private, Capt. Jordan Parker's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 10, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 20 days. 

Albee, Peter, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. 
Benjamin Hawse's regt.; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Little Compton, 
R. I. Roll dated Bellingham. 

Albee, Reuben. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co., Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 7, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island, by order of Gov. Hancock. 



102 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Albke, Revbex, Hopkinton. Descriptive list of enlisted men; birthplace, Mendon; 
a^e, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; liair, brown; occupation, 
laborer; enlisted April 12, 1781; joined Capt. Joseph Bates's (also ^'iven Capt. 
Hastings's) cc, Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Albee, Sal.vthiel, ITxbridge. Private, Capt. Benjamin Read's co , Col. John Rand's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 12, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 8 days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army; also, Capt. Reuben Davis's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; reported arrived at West Point, Aug. 10, 1781. 

Albee, Simeon. Drummer, Capt. Samuel Craggin's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1770; discharged Jan. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 15 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Edward Seagrave's co.. Col. Wade's 
regt.; enlisted June 19, 1778; discharged July 12, 1778; service, 26 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; roll dated ITxbridge ; also, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co., 
Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; ser- 
vice, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Albee, Stephen. List of men in Capt. Gershom Nelson's co., dated July 19, 1776. 

Albee, Stephen. Private, Lieut. Seth Thayer's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d 
Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 23, 1777; service, 1 
mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Providence, R. I. 

Albee, Thomas. Private, Capt. Caleb Moulton's co., under command of Lieut. 
Eliphalet Hastings, Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; enlisted June 13, 1778 ; discharged 
I''eb. 24, 1779; service, 8 mos. 22 days; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fort 
Clinton; also, pay roll for Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Albee, Thomas, Holliston. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 montlis men raised by the town of Holliston 
for service in the Continental Army, during 1780; marched July 4, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 4, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. 

Albee, William, Macliias. Adjutant, Capt. Jabez West's co.. Col. Jonathan Eddy's 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 14, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 1 mo. 5 days; 
company raised at Cunil)erland, N. S. ; also, Sergeant Major, Capt. West's co. ; 
enlisted May 17, 1777 ; discharged Jnly 17, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. ; company raised 
at Machias for expedition against St. Johns; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Jal)ez 
West's CO.; enlisted June 24, 1777; discharged Dec. 13, 1777; service, 5 mos. 20 
days ; company raised for defence of Machias and expedition against Nova Scotia ; 
also, Capt. Jolin Prebble's co., Col. Allan's regt.; pay roll for service from July 
31, 1778, to Dec. 1, 1778, 4 mos. ; stationed at Machias ; also, Capt. Thomas Rob- 
bins's CO., Col. Allan's (Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1778, to 
June 1, 1779, mos.; stationed at Machias; commissioned April 19, 1779; also. 
Lieutenant, Artillery co.. Col. John Allen's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Dec. 13, 1777, to June 1, 1779; also, Capt. Prebble's co.. Col. 
Allen's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
May 1, 1781 ; reported in service at Machias from June 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, pay rolls for service from May 1, 1781, to April 15, 1783, 23 mos. 15 days; 
stationed at Machias. 

Albee, Ztkiel, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joini All)ee's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to lloxbnry ; service, 9 da.vs. 

Albert, . [This name also appears under the form of Albard.] 

Albert, John. Quartermaster, sloop " Providence," commanded by Capt. II. Ilacker ; 
list of men who have prize shares in the " Mellisli " and "Active" [year not 
given] . 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 103 

Albert, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Hazeltine's co. ; pay abstract for guns detained in 
1775. 

Albert, Moses, Wilbraham (also given Granby). List of men enlisted from Hamp- 
shire Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishlcill, June 
IG, 1778 ; reported rejected on account of loss of half of his foot. 

Albert, Nicholas, Boston. Private, Capt. Langdon's co., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 6, 1777; enlistment, during war; deserted Aug. 22, 1777. 

Albert, Nicholas. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel 
Ward's and Capt. Thomas Nash's cos., dated Weymouth, Jan. 2, 1778 ; reported a 
foreigner; enlisted for town of Weymouth; joined Lieut. Thomas Lamb's co., 
Col. Jaclvson's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Albertson, . [This name also appears under the form of Allbertson.] 

Albertson, William, Plj-mouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 7 days. 

Albet, Caleb. List of men belonging to the 6th regt., appearing on a clothing account 
made up from Jan. 1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1782. 

Albet, John. List of men drafted for Continental service for 8 months, dated May 
15, 1777. 

Albet, Obadiah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 1, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; ser\ice, 5 mos., near Penobscot 
River. 

Albet, Reuben. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for Sept., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts ; enlisted April 
12, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alborns, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Nye's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 17, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; ser\ice, 3 mos. 1 day, at 
Dorchester. 

Albree, John, Medford. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstract for gun and blanket money, agreeable to Act of Nov., 1776 ; also, return 
of men in service, Dec. 14, 1776. 

Albree, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co. of guards ; enlisted Feb. 17, 
1779; discharged May 17, 1779; service, 3 mos., in and about Boston, under Maj. 
Gen. Gates. 

Albro, Henrt. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's (1st Division) co., Col. Waterman's 
regt. ; service, 7 days, between April 6 and April 20, 1777. 

Albro, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's (1st Division) co.. Col. Waterman's 
regt. ; service, 11 days, between April 6 and April 20, 1777. 

Albro, Stephen. List of men in Capt. Benjamin Monroe's co. [year not given] ; 
reported as hired. 

.Albut, Daniel. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Rhode 
Island. Roll sworn to at Lancaster. 

Albt, Aaron, Dudley. Private, Capt. Lemuel Corbin's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's regt.; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 12, 1780; service, 13 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Albt, Caleb. Private, Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's regt.; 
return of men in service for Jan.-Dec, 1782; time allowed from Dec. 13, 1781. 

Albt, Reuben. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt.; pay rolls for service from Sept. 10, 1779, to Nov. 30, 1779, at 
Rhode Island. 



104 .MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Albt, E.f,vbf,x, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. Walter McFarland's co., Col. Cj'prian 
Howe's (Middlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted 
from Middlesex Co. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, 
dark; eyes, dark; occupation, farmer; enlisted May 1'), 1781; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Alhy, "William. Surgeon's Mate, schooner "Diligent," commanded by Capt. John 
Lambert ; enlisted March 22 ; discharged Sept. 22, [year not given] ; service, 6 
mos. ; roll passed in Council, Oct. 29, 1776. 

Alcock, . [This name also appears under the form of Allcock, Allock.] 

Alcock, Abraham, Boston. 3d Bombardier, Capt. Thomas W. Foster's co.. Col. 
Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 
3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Alcock, Abraham. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of 
Council, May 12, 1777. 

Alcock, Stephex. Private, Capt. William Foord's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; en- 
listed July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Alcot, John, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Hart's co.. Col. Sargent's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 82 days. 

Alcot, John, AVeymouth. Private, Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Sargent's (28th) regt. ; 
company return [proljably Oct., 1775] ; reported deceased. 

Alcott, . [This name also appears under the form of Alcot, Allcut, Olcort, Olcut, 

Olcutt, Orcutt, Orlcott.] 

Alcott, Samvel. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt.; return of men in service for June-Dec, 1782; time allowed from 
Aug. 10, 1782. 

Aldeen, John. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted 
July 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aluem, Moses. Private, Capt. Raymond De Guiscard's co., Col. Turner's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 1, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 27, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 5 months. Roll dated Boston. 

Alden, . [This name also appears under the form of Aldeen, Aldem, Aldens, 

Aldin, Aiding, Aldren, Aldum, Alten, Allden, Alldin, Aulden, Auldin, Aullden.] 

Alden, Abiathar, New Braintree. Private, Capt. William Henry's co., Worcester 
Co. regt.; enlisted Oct. 2, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 
days, at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Alden, Abiatifar. Private, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Alden, Abiathar, Duxbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 19 yrs. ;, stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer ; enlisted July 1, 
1781 ; joined Capt. Turner's (also given Capt. Jonathan Felt's) co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 105 

AxDEN, Abxer, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Job Peirce's co., Col. Theophilus Cot- 
ton's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 1, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 1, 1777 ; service, 
30 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, list of men mustered in Plymouth 
Co. by James Hatch, Muster Master, dated June 8, 1778 ; Capt. Lemuel Wood's 
CO., Col. Jacobs's regt. ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Jacol) Fuller's co.. Col. John 
Jacobs's regt.; enlisted March 24, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 9 mos. 
9 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, Capt. Edward 
Sparrow's co., Col. John Jacol)s's regt.; enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged 
Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 5 days; enlistment, 3 months; company detached 
to reinforce Continental Arm)'. 

Alden, Alpheus. Private, Capt. Luke Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Putnam's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 3, 1781; discharged Dec. 8, 1781; service, 
3 mos. 18 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to join army under Gen. 
Washington, at West Point. 

Aldex, Alpheus. Private, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay rolls for service from 
April 1, 1783, to July 24, 1784, at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Alden, Amherst, Duxbury. Fifer, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co.. Col. John Cushing's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1776; discharged Nov. 20, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Lieut. Nathan Samson's (2d) co.. Col. 
Thomas Lothrop's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Dec. 25, 1776 ; service, 
15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol ; also, Capt. Par- 
tridge's CO., Col. Abijah Stearns's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted April 6, 1778; 
discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Aldex, ArsTix, Gorham. Private, Capt. Wentworth Stuart's co.. Col. Edmund 
Phinney's (31st) regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment to date of marcliing 
to Headquarters, July 12, 1775, 57 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 29, 
1775 ; enlisted May 16, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775; also, Ensign, Capt. John Rice's (3d) 
CO., Col. Phinney's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; muster roll for Nov., 1776, dated 
Fort George ; promoted to 2d Lieutenant, May 18, 1776 ; re-engaged with Col. 
Brewer's regt., Nov. 13, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co., 
Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; return of men made by order of Council, Dec. 26, 
1777 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel 
Whitmore's co.. Col. Reuben Fogg's (3d Cumberland Co.) regt., dated March 2S, 
1778 ; joined Capt. Watkins's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; reported Lieutenant ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years, to expire Dec, 1779 ; also. Lieutenant, Col. Sprout's (late Brewer's) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Feb. 13, 
1778. 

Aldex, B.vrxaba.'*, Ashfield. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 

1 mo. 13 daj-s, at New London, Conn. ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
detached from 6th (or 11th) co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt., dated Deertield, July 
24, 1780; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, light; hair, brown ; eyes, 
brown; returned by Maj. David Dickinson; joined Capt. Isaac Newton's co. ; 
enlistment, 3 months; also. Private, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. S. Mm-ray's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 

2 mos. 29 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Aldex, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. Jolm Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1776 ; service, 59.^ days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed 
at Newport, R. I. Roll dated Bridgewater. 

Aldex, Benjamin, Duxbury. Return of men in Cai)t. Joseph Stetson's co., Col. Dike's 
regt., dated Dorchester, Sept. 21, 1776; reported not joined; also, Private; pay 
abstract for mileage to and from camp at Dorchester Heights, dated Nov., 1776. 



106 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ai.uKX, Bkxja.mix. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., under command of Lieut. Jolin 
"Whitman, Col. Edward Mitchell's reij;t. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharijed Dec. 
23, 1776; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldex, Daxiel. Private, Lieut. Benjamin Bates's co., Maj. Eliphalet Car\''s regt. ; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I.; also, Capt. Luke 
Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Putnam's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 
3, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 18 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
company raised to join army under Gen. Washington at West Point. 

Aldex, David. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
8 days, in Northern department. 

Aldex, David, Ashfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 21, 1780; 
marched to camp July 21, 1780, under command of Capt. Isaac Pope; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Ashfield for service in the Con- 
tinental Army during 1780; marched Jul}" 21, 1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 5 days; also, Private, Major's co., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) 
regt.; pay roll for service from July 10, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780, 13 days; reported 
joined July 19, 1780. 

Aldex, Ebexezer, Ashfield (also given Stockbridge). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Col. David Field's (5th Hampshire Co.) regt. ; joined 
Capt. Bartlett's co., Col. Wesson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. 
Orringh Stoddard's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll dated Camp 
near Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; reported sick at Fishkill; also, pay rolls for 
Nov. and Dec, 1778, Jan., March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported 
on command at Newtown in March and April ; also, Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 1, 1780. 

Aldex, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted March 10, 1781 ; discharged April 1, 1781 ; service, 22 days ; marched 
to Newport, R. I.; 40 days levies. 

Aldex, Eli, Middleborough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. in 
1779, to serve in Continental Army ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complex- 
ion, light ; delivered to Ensign J. Hul)bcl. 

Aldex, Eliab. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; en- 
listed May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778 ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Dart- 
mouth; roll dated Middleborough; also, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
White's regt.; pay roll for service from Aug. 2, 1780, to Aug. 9, 1780; service, 8 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. Roll ilated 
Middleborough. 

Alden, Eliab. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co.. Col. Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 2, 1778; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Aldex, Eliab. Colonel's co., r2tli regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; discharged April 23, 
1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Aldex, Elijah, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Amos Wade's (3d) co., )vhich marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Joshua 
White's CO., Col. Elicnezer White's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 
9, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 107 



Alden, Elijah (possil)ly Bridgewater) . Trivate, Lieut. Samuel Dunbar's co., Col. 
Eliphalet Gary's rest.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Aldex, Elijah. Trivate, Capt. Abram Washburn's co. ; pay abstract for service at 

Rhode Island in 1781. 
Alden-, Elijah, Ashfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
David Field's (.Jth Hampshire Co.) regt.; joined Capt. Bartlett's co., Col. Wes- 
son's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 
Aldex, Elijah. Private, Capt. Elijah Baker's co., Col. William Turner's regt.; 
enlisted July 19, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 4 mos. 14 days, at 
Rhode Island. 
Aldex, Elijah, Ashfield (also given Amherst and Stockbridge). Capt. Reuben 
Dickinson's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cam- 
bridge, June 22, 1775; also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
Mayas', 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, 
Sept. 28, 1775; also, Orringh Stoddard's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; Con- 
tinental' Army pav accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
muster roll dated Camp near Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; also, muster rolls for 
Nov. and Dec, 1778, and Jan., March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Stoddard's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 6 mos. as 
Private, 6 mos. as Corporal ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Noah 
Allen's CO., 1st Mass. regt. ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; 
hair, brown; occupation, mason; birthplace, Stafford, Conn.; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1777', at Stockbridge, by Capt. Stoddard; also, Corporal, Capt. Noah Allen's co., 
Col.Vose's (1st) regt.i muster rolls for Jan. -May, 1781, dated West Point; re- 
ported on furlomjh in Jan., 1781 ; also, muster roll for June, 1781 ; also. Sergeant ; 
muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp near Dobbs's Ferry ; reported promoted 
from Corporal, Julv 1, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at 
Peekskill; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, Jan. and March, 1782, 
dated York Hutts ; enlistment, during war. 
Aldex Elishv, Bellin-ham. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
Sept. 27, 1777. 
Aldex Howard, Pelham. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co mustered bv Maj. John Chester Williams ; Col. Porter's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; enlistment, 3 months; raised agreeable 
to Act 'of June 22, 1780; also. Private, Capt. Job Alvord's co., Col. S. Murray's 
(Hampshire Co.) rest. ; enlisted July 16, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 3 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 
Aldex Hl-mphrey, Gorham. Private, Light Infantry co., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; 
Continental Armr pav accounts for service from April 1, 17. ^ to Dec. 31, b/9; 
also Lieut. Mel. Woolsev's co., Lieut. Col. William S. Smith's regt. ; pay rolls 
for Oct and Nov., 1778 ; also. Ensign William Rickard's (4th) co.. Col. Jackson s 
re-t • muster roll dated Providence, July 8, 1779; also, Capt. William Scott's 
(Lisht Infantry) co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; muster roll for Oct., 1779; also 
return of men dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, 3 
years. 
Aldex, Ichabod, Duxbury. Lieutenant Colonel, Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 23, 177-5 ; service 3 mos. 16 days ; 
also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Col. Bond s regt., Maj. 



108 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alden, Ichahod, continued. 

Gen. Green's division ; list of field officers of the Continental Army in 1776 ; also. 
Colonel; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 
11, 1778; reixjrted killed in l)attle, Nov. 11, 1778; enlisted Nov. 1, 1776. 

Alden, Is.vac, Asbtield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 11, 1778. 

Alden, Isaac, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt. ; pay roll for 6 days service, between date of enlistment and date of march- 
ing; roll dated April 2, 1776; also, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., Lieut. Col. 
Samuel Pierce's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted May 21, 1779; discharged July 
5, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Little 
Compton, R. I. 

Alden, Isaiah, Duxhury. Private, Capt. Henry Prentiss's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt.; i)ay rolls for service from June 27, 177G, to Dec. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 
6 daj's. 

Alden, Isaiah. Private, Capt. Ebenezer "Washburn's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. 
of guards; pa.y rolls for service from date of enlistment, Nov. 7, 1777, to April 3, 
1778, 4 mos. 26 days, at Cambridge. 

Alden, Israel. Private, Capt. Noah Lankton's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 16, 1777; service, 28 days; 
marched to Stillwater by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Alden, John, Oakham. Pinvate, Capt. Gardner's co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from June 10, 1777, to Sept. 21, 1777; 
enlisted for town of Tcmpleton ; reported deserted ; also, list of deserters from 
Col. Rufus Putnam's (r)th) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1780; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, a ft. 
9 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; enlistment, 3 years ; deserted Sept. 25, 1777. 

Alden, John. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Col. Hows's regt.; enlisted Aug. 24, 
1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alden, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Hampshire Co. regt. ; Gen. Daniel- 
son's brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Oct. 31, 1778; service, 4 mos., 
under Gen. Stark, in the Northern department; also, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co., 
Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged 
Aug. 31, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at New London, Conn. 

Alden, John. Private, Lieut. Nathaniel Pope's co. (later under command of Lieut. 
Joseph Damon), Col. John Hathaway's (2d Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 3, 
1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 6 daj-s, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alden, John, Medway. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 6, 1780; marched to 
camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Taylor of 2d Mass. regt.; aho, list 
of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 
having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Medway, for service in Continental 
Army during 1780; marched July 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; service, 
5 mos. 26 days; aZso, descriptive list of enlisted men detached from Capt. Bul- 
len's CO.; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; enlisted, Aug. 16, 
1781; enlistment, 3 months; also, Private, Capt. John Lincoln's CO., Col. Joseph 
Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 
22 days. 

Alden, John, Ashfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ])elonging to Hampsliire Co. ; 
age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. o in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 109 

Alden, John, continued. 

farmer; enlisted April 26, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, Trivate, Capt. Benja- 
min He.vwood's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (Gth) re^t. ; muster rolls for June 
and July, 1781 ; reported on command at "West Point; uho, muster roll for Auf;., 
1781, dated Peekskill; reported on command at West Point; also, muster roll 
for Sept., 1781, dated Camp at 13ald Kill; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, dated Hijjhlands; also, muster roll for Dec., 1781, dated New Boston; also, 
muster roll for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Huts, New Boston; reported deceased 
Feb. 17, 1782. 

Alden, Jonathan'. Private, Capt. Roger Lil)by's co., detached from Cumberland Co. 
militia, under command of Nathaniel Jordan, Esquire; enlisted Oct. 1, 1779; dis- 
charged Oct. 2.3, 1770; service, 23 da.vs, at the Eastward. 

Alden, Joseph, Warwick. Private, Capt. Ichabod Dexter's co., Col. Woodlmdge's 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 20, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days. 

Alden, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carj-'s regt. ; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Alden, Joshva. 1st Lieutentant, Capt. James Allen, Jr.'s, (6th) co., 3d Plymouth Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned March 23, 1776; also, Lieut. 
Joshua Alden's co.. Col. Mitchell's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 
24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, 
' R. I.; also, Capt. James Allen's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt.; enlisted July 
30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alden, Josiah (probably Bridgewater) . Private, Lieut. Samuel Dunl)ar's co.. Col. 
Eliphalet Gary's regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 
11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Alden, Josiah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's Co., Col. Joseph Prime's regt., 
Brig. Gen. Wadsworth's brigade ; enlisted Sept. 8, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1780 ; 
service, 3 mos. 24 days, at the Eastward ; roll sworn to in York Co. ; also, I^ieut. 
Jeremiah Colburn's co.. Brig. Gen. Wadsworth's brigade; enlisted Jan. 27, 1781; 
discharged March 10, 1781; service, 1 mo. 11 days; stationed at Camden. 

Alden, Jvdah, Duxbury. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Bradford's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days; commissioned May 27, 1775; also, company return dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 7, 1775; also. Captain, 2d regt.; commissioned Jan. 1, 1777; confirmed by 
Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also. Col. John Bailey's regt.; Continental army pa.v 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return of men at 
Camp Valley Forge, dated Jan. 24, 1778; also, certificate of service given by Col. 
John Bailey, dated Hanover, Jan. 23, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 1st co., Lieut. Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's (2d) regt.; return of officers dated Philadelphia, July 11, 1783; also, 
returns of absent officers, dated Philadelphia, Aug. 1, 8 and 15, 1783; reported 
attending general cotirt-martial. 

Alden, Moses. Private, Capt. Raymond De Guiscard's co. ; warrant to pay officers 
and men, dated April 24, 1782. 

Alden, Nathan, Bridgewater. Sergeant, Capt. Abiel Peirce's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Nov., 1776. 

Alden, Nathan, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Robert Orr's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. 
Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; enlisted April 21, 1777 ; service, 2 mos., 
at Bristol, R. I. 



110 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alden, Nathan. Serjeant, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co., Col. John Jacobs's re.!,'t. ; 
enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 nios. o days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. Roll sworn 
to at Middleborough. 

Alden, Nathan. Captain, 4th co., 3d Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned March 23, 1776 ; aZ«o, Maj. EliphaletCary's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Alden, Nathan, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., under command of Lieut. 
John AVhitman, Col. Edward Mitchell's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1770; discharged 
Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Alden's 
CO., Maj. Gary's regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 
11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alden, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Abram AVashbuiyi's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 18 days, 
at and near Boston; enlistment, months. 

Alden, Noah, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Daniels's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's 
regt.; discharged Dec. 6, 1776; also, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Benjamin 
Hawse's regt.; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Little Compton, R. I.; also, 
Capt. Ellis's CO., Maj. Seth Ballard's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 
1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Alden, Oliver. Private, Lieut. Josiah Wilson's co.. Col. Porter's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days; 
marched on an alarm at the Northward, to reinforce Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Alden, Sam, Needham. Corporal, Capt. Robert Smith's co., Col. "William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Alden, Samx-el. Private, Capt. T. Mellen's co.. Col. A. Perry's regt. ; enlisted July 
28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 10, 1780 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alden, Samuel, Jr., Duxbury. Private, Capt. Samuel Bradford's co.. Col. Warren's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 daj-. 

Alden, Silas, Needham. Ensign, Capt. Robert Smith's co.. Col. William Heath's 
reirt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, 
Lieutenant, Capt. Robert Smith's co. ; service, 4 days, at the taking of Dorchester 
Heights, in March, 1776; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Rol)ert Smith's (4th) co.. 
Col. AVilliam Mcintosh's (1st SufTolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned May 10, 1776; also, Capt. Thomas Mayo, Jr.'s, co.. Col. Eleazer 
Weld's regt.; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776; discharged Dec. 29, 1776; service, 20 days, at 
Hull and Castle Island; also, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co.. Col. Mcintosh's rest. ; 
enlisted March 23, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 15 days; marched to 
Roxbury. 

Alden, Silas, Altington. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master ; Capt. Fuller's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; mustered Sept. 6, 1779 ; aho. 
Private, Capt. Jacob Ilaskins's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 28, 1779; discharged Jan. 31, 1780; service, 5 mos. 6 days; com- 
pany raised for Col. Jacobs's regt., but formed into sei^arate corps for this service. 

Alden, Silas. Private, Capt. Illijah Baker's co.. Col. William Turner's regt. ; enlisted 
July 27, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 6 days, at Rhode Island. 

Alden, Simeon. Private, Capt. James Allen's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt.; pay 
abstract for rations dated Camp near New York, Aug. 9, 1776. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. Ill 

Aldkn, Simeon. Private, Capt. Snell's co., Col. Mitchel's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Providence, 11. I. 

Aldex, Simeox, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177'); service, 4 days; also, Capt. 
Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in service from Jan. 8, 
1777, to March 1, 1777; also, Lieut. Benjamin Bates's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 1, 1780; service, 
3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I. ; 
also, Capt. Luke Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. E. Putnam's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1781; discharged Dec. 3, 1781; service, 3 mos. 13 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ;_company raised to join army under Gen. Washington, at West 
Point. 

Alden, Simeon, Jr. Private, Lieut. Benjamin Bates's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 
11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I. 

Aldex, Solomox, Bridgewater. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. 
Edward Mitchell's regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 10, 1776; 
service, 6 days ; marched to Horse Neck in Braintree ; also, 11th co., 3d Plymouth 
Co. regt. ; commissioned March 23, 1776 ; reported resigned. 

Aldex, Wextwortii (also given Wrestling), Duxbury. List of men enlisted from 
Plymouth Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 10, 1778. 

Aldexs, Elijah. Sergeant, Capt. Noah Allen's co.. Col. Joseph Tose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Fel)., 1782, dated York Hutts; enlistment, during war. 

Alderidge, Noah. Private, Capt. Smart's co., 3d regt. ; pay abstract for clothing, 
dated July 1, 1781 ; reported on command at West Point. 

Aldermax, Elisha, Old Hoosac. Private, Capt. Joseph Stebbins's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177n; enlisted Juh- 18, 1775; service, 
14 days; also. Corporal; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Aldermax, Ephraim, Sheffield. Private, Capt. William Beacon's CO., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; seiwice, 1 mo. 22 days. 

Aldersox, Johx. Lieutenant; list of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the 
prison-ship " Lord Sandwich," and landed in Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Aldersox, Sijiox. Private, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated AVrentham. 

Aldich, Silas, Mendon. Descriptive list of enlisted men from Worcester Co.; age, 
16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light ; occupation, farmer ; enlisted Feb. 
8, 1781 ; joined Capt. Ammidon's co., Col. Tjder's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Aldix, Daxiel. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1779; discharged 
May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos. 1 day, at Boston. 

Aldix, David. Private, Capt. Ephraim Jenings's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service in Northern department. 

Aldix, Elijah. Sergeant, Capt. Noah Allen's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; 
enlisted July 1, 1781; enlistment, during war ; muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated 
Camp at Peekskill. 

Aldix, Johx, Oakham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Ephraim Stockwell's co., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated Templeton, Jan. 7, 1778; 
joined Capt. Morse's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 



112 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Aldix, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Ephraim Jenings's co., Col. David AVells's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service in Northern department. 

Aldin, Nathan, Jr. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's 
regt. ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Squantum, in March, 1776. 

Ai-DiN, Simeon. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1779; discharged 
May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos. 1 day, at Boston. 

Aldin, Solomon. Private, Capt. Joseph Keith's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Aldixg, Wrestling, Duxbury. List of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Ushkill, June 10, 1778, as returned 
by Jonathan Warner, Commissioner. (See Wentworth Alden.) 

Aldrak, Zachauiah, Boston. List of men enlisted for town of Fitchburg [year not 
given] . 

Aldrech, Silas. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamb's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 

pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1778, to Jan. 1, 1779, 2 mos. 2 days, dated 

East Greenwich. 
Aldred, John. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 

enlisted Feb. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 6 mos. 15 days. 
Aldren, Joseph, Warwick. Private, Capt. Dexter's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt.; 

company return [probablv Oct., 1775]. 

Aldrich, . [This name also appears under the form of Aaldricli, Aldich, Aldrech, 

Alderidge, Aldrick, Aldridge, AUdridge, Aldrige, Altredge. Altridge, Auldredge, 
Auldridge, Ealdrich.] 

Aldrich, Akel, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Samuel Read's co., wliich marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Aldrich, Abraham, Mendon. Private, Capt. Andrew Peters's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days; also, company return dated Roxl)ury, Sept. 25, 1775; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from 1st co. of Mendon, as returned by Lieut. 
Ammidon; joined Capt. Daniels's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to 
expire Maj' 19, 1780; also, Capt. Daniels's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from May 19, 1777, to Sept. 10, 1777; 
reported deceased Sept. 10 (also given Aug. 26), 1777. 

Aldrich, Alquire. Seaman, ship " General Mifflin," commanded liy Capt. George 
M. Babcock ; descriptive list of officers and crew dated Sept. 9, 1780 ; age, 29 yrs. ; 
complexion, dark. 

Aldrich, Amariah, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Edward Seagrave's co., Col. Joseph 
Read's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
1 day; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbur.v, Dec. 21, 1775; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel Read's co., dated March 6, 
1778; joined Capt. Moses Knapp's co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; enlistment to expire 
1780; also. Private, Capt. Knap's co., Col. William Sheppard's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Aws^. 7, 1778; reimrted 
deserted. 

Aldrich, Amasa, Mendon. Private, Capt. Andrew Peters's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 
days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775. 

Aldrich, Amasa. Private, Capt. Edward Seagrave's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
June 19, 1778; discharged July 12, 1778; service, 26 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. Roll dated Uxbridge. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 113 

Aldkich, Amasa. Private, Capt. Thomas Marshall Baker's co., Col. Samuel Denny's 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; ordered to march to Claverack. Roll dated Upton. 

Aldrich, Amasa. Private, Capt. B. Read's co., under command of Lieut. John Benson, 
Col. Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldkich, A.masa. Sergeant, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co., Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Augustavis. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Col. "Wood's regt. ; 
enlisted AprillS, 1777; discharged May 7, 1777; service, 21 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Bexjamix, Uxbridge. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 21, 1780; 
marched to camp July 21, 1780, under command of Capt. Isaac Pope; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Uxbridge for service in Continental 
Army, during 1780; marched July 13, 1780; discharged Dec. 7, 1780; service, 5 
mos. 3 days. 

Aldeich, Caleb. List of men in Capt. Sprague's co., Oct., 1777. 

Aldrich, Clarke. Private, Capt. Thomas Olney's co., Col. Jabez Bowen's regt.; pay 
roll for service from May 1, 1777, to June 2, 1777, 13 days, in 5th Division of Col. 
Bowen's regt., under Capt. Jonathan Russell, at Pawtuxet. 

Aldrich, Elisha, Grafton. Private, Capt. Luke Drury's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 2 mos. 24 
days; reported enlisted into the artillery, July 15, 1775. 

Aldrich, Ezekiel, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Joseph Elliot's co.. Col. William 
Thomas's regt. ; enlisted July 17, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 4 
mos. 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; reported camped at Battes Hill ( ?), 
Dec. 1, 1781. 

Aldrich, George, Bellingham. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780 ; enlisted April 25, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Aldrich, Gcstavl's, Mendon. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Peter Penniman's (3d) co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778; joined 
Capt. Barnes's (also given Daniels's) co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 j'ears, 
to expire June, 1780; also, Fifer, Capt. John Holden's (4th) co., Col. Thomas 
Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 6, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Barnes's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return of men 
dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Capt. Holden's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Highlands, June 12, 1779; also. Private, Capt. Peter 
Clayes's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Holden's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; pay 
abstract for service from April 1, 1780, to June 30, 1780; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781 ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. G in. ; 
complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; enlisted Dec. 16, 1779, by Ensign 
White; joined Capt. Clayes's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's (6th) regt.; enlistment, 
during war; also, Private, Capt. Peter Clayes's (Light Infantry) co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; returns of men in service for Jan., 1781-Dec., 1782; 
reported transferred from Capt. J. K. Smith's co., Oct. 1, 1781. 

Aldrich, Hexrt. Private, Capt. Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt., under 
command of Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; discharged Jan. 23, 
1777 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



114 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alprich, Henry. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's co., Col. Joseph Prime's refrt., 
Briff. Gen. Wadsworth's hriiiade ; enlisted May 8, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1780 ; 
service, 7 mos. 24 da.vs, at the Eastward. Roll sworn to in York Co. 

Aldrich, Henry, Douglas. Return of men enlisted into Continental Arm.v from Capt. 
Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Ezra "Wood's regt., dated P'eb. 12, 1778; joined Capt. 
Danforth's (also given Foster's) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years, to expire in 1780; also, Private, Lieut. Colonel's (7th) co., Col. Nixon's 
(6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 14, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Elijah Danforth's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; return of 
men in service Aug. In, 1777, dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, 
Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; muster roll dated Highlands, 
June 12, 1779; reported furloughed by Gen. Nixon until June 1, 1779; also, 
Lieut. Col. Daniel M'hiting's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for Nov. and 
Dec, 1779, dated Soldier's Fortune; also, Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return of clothing dated Peeks- 
kill, Dec. 5, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, dated "West Point, Jan. 
29, 1781 ; age, 35 j'rs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. (also given T) ft. 4 in.) ; complexion, 
dark; hair, brown; occupation, farmer; enlisted Dec. 15, 1779, by Lieut. Lilley; 
joined Capt. Pike's (also given Lieut. Col. Whiting's) co., Lieut. Col. Smith's 
(6th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also. Private, Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., 
Lieut. Col. Smith's regt.; returns for wages for Jan.-Dec, 1781, and Jan.-Dec, 
1782; reported absent without leave, Feb., 1781; not credited with service from 
that time until Feb., 1782; also, discharge dated June 9, 1783, signed by Gen, 
"Washington, showing 5 yrs. 3 mos. 8 days service in 6th regt. 

Aldrich, Israel. Private, Capt. Bezaleel Taft's (9th) co., Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d 
Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 
14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Aldrich, Jacob. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 22 (also given Aug. 17), 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 
mos. 15 daj'S, at the Northward. 

Aldrich, Jacob. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; en- 
listed June 5, 1778; discharged Jan. 27, 1779; service, 8 mos. 17 days, at North 
River ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, order for wages dated Mendon, March 16, 1779 ; 
reported not joined on pay roll for Dec, 1778. 

Aldrich, James, Bridgewater. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Joseph Smith's co., Col. Mitchel's (3d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 21, 
1778; joined Capt. Porter's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; 
also. Private, Lieut. Samuel Dunbar's co.. Col. Eliphalet Gary's regt.; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 1. 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; marched to Tiverton, 11. I. 

Aldrich, Joah, Mendon. List of men drafted for 8 months [year not given] . 

Aldrich, John, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co.. Col. Simeon Gary's 
regt. ; pay roll for 7 days between date of enlistment and date of marching, 
dated April 2, 1776. 

Aldrich, John. Sergeant, Capt. Sprague's co. ; list of men dated Oct., 1777. 

Aldrich, Jos. List of men in Capt. Sprague's co., dated Oct., 1777. 

Aldrich, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co., Col. Simon Gary's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 4 days. Roll dated Roxbury, April 1, 1776. 

Aldrich, Joseph, Amherst. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Porter's (4th Hampshire Co.) regt., dated 
March 24, 1779; joined Capt. Robert Oliver's co., Col. John Greaton's regt.; also, 
Capt. Edward Cumston's co.. Col. Greaton's (2d) regt. ; return of men in service 
on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 115 

Aldrich, Joseph, Jr. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 20, 1776; service, 12 days; marched 
on an alarm to Ilowland's Ferry, K. I. ; also, list of men in Capt. Sprague's co., 
dated Oct., 1777; also, Capt. White's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Aldrich, Levi, Mendon. Ensign, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 8 days; reported enlisted 
into the army April 27, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Andrew Peters's co., 
Col. Joseph Read's regt.; list of officers in camp at Roxbury, May 18, 1775; 
also, muster roll_ dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 
days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775. 

Aldrich, Levi, Jr. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; service, 8 days, between Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 21, 1777, 
on an alarm at Providence, R. I.; also, Capt. B. Read's co., under command of 
Lieut. John Benson, Col. Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 
1, 1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Loris. Lieutenant; receipt for ammunition dated Roxbury, June 14, 

1774 (?). 

Aldrich, Luke, Leominster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. John Joslin, Jr.'s, co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; joined 
Capt. Warner's co.. Col. Marshal's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Aldrich, Lither. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co., Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. B. Read's co., under command of Lieut. John 
Benson, Col. Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Nedebiah, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 6 days ; reported enlisted into 
the army April 27, 1775; also, Capt. Andrew Peters's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775; reported joined Col. 
Arnold's detachment for Quebec at Cambridge, Sept. 4, 1775. 

Aldrich, Noah, New Salem. Capt. John King's (9th) co.. Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
Woodbridge's (25th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 22, 
1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj' 11, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
25 days ; reported died Sept. 18, 1775 ; also, company return dated Cambridge, 
Sept. 29, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Prospect Hill, Oct. 23, 1775. 

Aldrich, Peter, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Nov. 4, 1775. 

Aldrich, Peter. Private, Capt. Hancock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1778; reported de- 
serted ; also, Capt. Robert Davis's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp 
near Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; enlistment, during war. 

Aldrich, Phixeas, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 10 days; reported enlisted 
into the army April 27, 1775; also, Capt. Andrew Peters's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 12 
days; also, company return dated Roxburj-, Sept. 25, 1775. 



IIG MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ai-DRicH, Phinkas. Private, Capt. Peter Penniinan's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Aup. 20 (also jriven Aus;. 17), 1777; discharged Nov.' 29, 1777; service, 
3 mos. 21 days, at the Northward. 

Aldricji, Phixeas. Sergeant, Capt. B. Read's co., under command of Lieut. John 
Benson, Col. Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Ricuauw. List of men in Capt. Sprague's co., dated Oct., 1777. 

Aldkich, Rufvs, Mendon. Sergeant, Capt. Andrew Peters's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days; also, company return dated Roxlniry, Sept. 25, 1775; also, Capt. Peter 
Penniman's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; dis- 
charged Jan. 21, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Providence, R. I. 

Aldrich, Rurrs. Private, Capt. B. Read's co., under command of Lieut. John Ben- 
son, Col. Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; enlisted x\ug. 2, 1780 ; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 10 daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Silas. Private, Capt. John Tyler's co., Col. Joseph Read's regt.; return of 
men in service Dec. 10, 1775. 

Aldrich, Silas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co.. Col. Benjamin Haws's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discliarged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. 

Aldrich, Silas, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 6 days; also, list of men 
mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, to serve in 
Rhode Island ; Capt. Nelson's co., Col. Wood's regt. ; also. Private, Capt. Samuel 
Hamant's (also given Capt. Samuel Lamb's) co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 
enlisted June 22, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; service at Rhode Island; 
roll dated Middleton, Aug. 27, 1778; also, muster rolls for June-Oct., 1778, dated 
East Greenwich; also, muster roll dated Warwick, Nov. 7, 1778; also, certificate 
of enlistment dated Mendon, Aug. 2, 1781, given liy selectmen of Mendon, certi- 
fying that said Ahlrich enlisted into Continental Armj- for the term of 3 years, in 
March, 1781. 

Aldrich, Solomox, Richmond, N. H. I'rivate, Capt. Oliver Capron's co., Col. 
Ephraim Doolittle's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, 
June 24, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; ser- 
^ice, 3 mos. 4 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bount}^ coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Aldrich, Solomon. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newhall, 
Muster Master, between May 19, 1777, and June 3, 1777; Capt. Coburn's co.. 
Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 8 months. 

Aldrich, Solomon, Northbridge. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 21, 
1780 ; marched to camp July 21, 1780, under command of Capt. Isaac Pope ; also. 
Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (lOth) regt.; i)ay roll for 
service from July 21, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780, 11 days. 

Aldrich, Stephen, Mendon. Private, Capt. John Al])ee's co., wliicli marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 9 days. 

Aldrich, Stephen. Sergeant, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 117 

Aluhich, "William, Bridirewater. Private, Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sarjient's regt. ; muster roll dated Aujr. 1, 177.'); enlisted Jul}' 7, 1775; service, 1 
mo. 3 days; also, company return dated Camp before Boston, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in monej', dated Cambridge, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Aldeich, William, Richmond, N. II. Capt. Oliver Capron's co.. Col. Epliraim Doo- 
little's ('24th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Camliridge, June 24, 
1775; also. Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 21 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 19, 1775. 

Aldrick, Aunek, Mendon. Private, Capt. John Albee's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April H), 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 8 days. 

Aldeick, Elisha, Grafton. Private, Capt. Aaron Kimball's co.. Col. Artemus Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted into the army April 2G, 1775. 

Aldeick, Levi. Captain, Col. AVhitnej-'s regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; com- 
missioned Feb. 21, 1776. 

ALDRinoE, Amariah, Uxlmdge. Capt. Banister's (late Knapp's) 4th co.. Col. Shep- 
ard's regt.; list of deseiters; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, sandy; 
hair, light ; enlistment, during war ; deserted Aug. 7, 1778, at New Haven. 

Aldridge, Barnabas, Northbridge. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas 
Newhall, Muster Master, to serve at Rhode Island ; Capt. Batchelor's co., Col. 
Wood's regt. [year not given] . 

Aldridge, Benjamix, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Joseph Fox's (3d) co., Col. Henry 
Jackson's (16th) regt.; payroll for service from July 21, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780, 
10 days ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780. 

Aldridge, James, Bridgewater. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James 
Hatch, Muster Master, between March 22, 1777, and March 27, 1777; Capt. John 
Porter's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; age, 23 yrs. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, 
Private, Major's co., Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Noah Allen's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster rolls for Marcli and May, 
1778, dated Valley Forge ; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Green- 
wich; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; also, Con- 
tinental Arm}- pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 4, 1780. 

Aldridge, John. Seaman; list of prisoners delivered to Col. Galiriel Johonnot by 
Charles Waller, Commissary of Prisoners, at Rhode Island, March 17, 1778. 

Aldridge, Jonathan, Cape Cod. Seaman ; list of prisoners brought from Rhode 
Island, dated Boston, Jan. 23, 1777; taken in the " Viper." 

Aldridge, Joseph, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Wood's co., Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1777; discharged Aug. 27, 
1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aldridge, Joseph. Private and Fifer, Capt. Oliver's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to June 10, 1779; 
reported deserted. 

Aldridge, Joseph, Jr. Private, Cai)t. Joshua Wliite's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; enlisted May G, 1778 ; discharged May 9, 1778 ; service, 3 days, on an alarm 
at Dartmouth. Roll dated Middleborough. 



118 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Aldridoe, Lvke, Leominster. Drnmmer, Capt. John Joslyn's co., Col. John Whet- 
comb's rest., wliich marched <m the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 
11 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, 3d co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
(10th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 3, 1777, to 
Dec. 8, 1779; reported transferred to corps of invalids, May 8, 1778; discharged 
Dec. 8, 1779; also, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract 
for clothing for 1778 ; also, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids; pay roll for 
Sept., 1778, dated Boston; also, Lieut. Osgood Carleton's co. of invalids, Col. 
Lewis Nicola's regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1779; reported on furlough; al.w, 
muster rolls for Sept. and Oct., 1779 ; stationed at Boston. 

Aldridge, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Gray's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's 
regt.; enlisted July 7, 1779; service, 2 mos. 6 days, on expedition to Penoljscot. 
Roll dated North Yarmouth. 

Aldridge, Noah, Jr., Adams. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Whipple's co., 
Col. Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark ; hair, black; occupation, laborer ; enlistment, 3 years ; o /so, receipt 
for bounty paid him liy the town of Adams, to serve in Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Sept. 17, 1781. 

Aldridge, Peter, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. William AVyman's co.. Col. Paterson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Aprir29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 
days. 

Aldridge, Solomon, Nortlibridge. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Aldridge, William. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent, Oct. 8, 1778, in the cartel " Silver 
Eel" from Halifax to Boston, to be exchanged. 

Aldridge, William, Richmond (also given N. Gilford, N. H.). Private, Capt. 
Moore's (late Fish's) co.. Col. William Sheppard's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 19, 1777; reported deserted; also, 
list of deserters; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; 
enlistment, during war; deserted Sept. 19, 1777, at Bemis Heights. 

Aldrige, James. Private, Capt. James Allen's co.. Col. Simeon Gary's regt.; pay 
abstract for rations dated Camp near New York, Aug. 9, 1776. 

Aldrige, Ja:mes, Bridgewater. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co., dated May 7, 
1777 ; Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; age, 23 yrs. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Aldrige, Joseph, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 11, 1779; discharged Jan. 1, 1780; service, 6 mos. 22 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Aldum, John. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. 

Aleen, Joseph. Private, Capt. David Packard's co.. Col. Cary's regt. ; enlisted July 
22, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Aleger, Nicholas, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of men enlisted for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 18, 1778; Capt. James 
Hill's (1st) CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (1st) regt.; age, 25 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, light; hair, lirown; eyes, dark; mustered by James Leonard, 
Muster Master. 

Aleinson, Joshua, Brimfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army ; Capt. 
Holbrook's co., 4th regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1780; enlistment, during war. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 119 

Alex, Bexjamix. Dartmouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Oct. 29, 1779; 
16th CO., Col. Hathaway's reijt. ; a!,'e, 39 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, 
liirht; hair, red; eyes, blue ; residence, Dartmouth ; mustered by James Leonard, 
Muster Master; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at Sprinj^field. 

Alex, James. Private, Capt. John Ames's cc. Col. Wade's re^t. ; enlisted June 26, 
1778 ; discharged July 20, 1778 ; ser\-ice, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alex, Johx, Easton. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Camp at Hull, June 18, 1776. 

Alex, Johx. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted 
May 10, 1777;- discharged July 10, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days; marched to 
Ticonderoga. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Alex, Joseph. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days, on an expedition 
to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Alex, Pelatiah, Harpswell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nehemiah Curtis's (1st) co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d) regt., dated 
Dec. 15, 1777 ; return made to Col. Nathaniel Purrinton ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alex, Phixeas. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., 4th Suffolk Co. regt. ; enlisted 
March 4, 1781; discharged March 17, 1781; service, 14 days, at Rhode Island; 
company detached to serve under Maj. Gen. Lincoln for 40 days, b,v order of 
Gov. Hancock. 

Alexsox, James, Taunton. Private, Capt. Luke Day's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt. ; muster rolls for Feb. -May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Feb. 15, 
1781; enlistment, during war; reported on command at the Lines, in May, 1781. 

Ales, Russell. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; marched to Saratoga. 
Roll sworn to at Hatfield. 

Alesworth, Arthur, Sheffield. Private, Capt. William Bacon's co.. Col. Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 17 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, company return dated 
Dorchester, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Alesworth, Christopher, Boston. Boy, schooner "Resolution," commanded by 
Capt. Amos Potter; descriptive list of oflScers and crew, dated April 5, 1781 ; age, 
17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; trade, mariner ; residence, Boston. 

Alexaxder, . [This name also appears under the form of Alaxander, Alexanders, 

Alexndar, Alexandre, Alxander, Alxsandar, Allaxander, Allexander, AUexan- 
ders, Elaxander, Elexander, Elexender, Elexsander, EUexander.] 

Alexaxder, . Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 

detachment commanded b.v Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, I)y order of 
Council of May 12, 1777. 

Alex-\xder, . Private, Capt. David Cowden's co., Lieut. Col. Ruggles Wood- 
bridge's (4th Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 
1777 ; service, 6 days ; marched on an alarm at Bennington. 

Alex.\xder, Abraham, Woburn. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. David 
Greene's (2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 8 days ; also, Capt. John Wood's (5th) co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 daj'S ; 
reported enlisted into the artillery, July 11, 1775; also, Capt. Joseph Chadwick's 
CO., Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
service, 21 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Fort No. 3, Nov. 21, 1775. 



120 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alex-\nder, Abraham, Readinjr. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex 
Co.; age, 1") yrs. ; stature, T) ft. 1 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; 
occupation, farmer; residence. Heading; enlisted June 30, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years or during war. 

Alexander, Amos. Return of men in Capt. French's co., Col. John Moseley's regt., 
who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Deerfield and Hamp- 
shire Co. militia, but did not join the regiment. 

Alexander, Daniel, Charlton. Private, Capt. Jacob Davis's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Larned's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; 
service, 12 days. 

Alexander, Edward, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. 
Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted July 20, 1777; discharged Aug. 25, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth to 
Bristol and Providence, R. I. 

Alexander, Eldad, Northfield. Private, Capt. Eldad Wright's co.. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Northfield and Warwick to Cambridge; service, 23 days; also, Capt. 
Eliakim Smith's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; order for advance pay dated 
Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, Capt. INIoses Kellogg's co., Col. Ward's regt.; 
company return [proljably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for l)ounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Dec. 23, 1775. 

Alexander, Eldad. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's co., 6th Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days, in Northern 
department. 

Alexander, Eliphaz. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co., Col. Israel Chapen's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 
days. 

Alexander, Eliphaz, Northfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men detached from 6th 
Hampshire Co. regt. ; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; resi- 
dence, Northfield; mustered July 20, 1780; joined Capt. Seth Pierce's co., Col. 
Seth Murray's regt. ; enlistment, 3 months from time of arrival at Claverack ; 
n/so. Private, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted 
July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. Roll dated 
Leverett. 

Alexander, Elisha, Northfield. Private, Capt. Eldad Wright's co.. Col. Samuel 
AVilliams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 

19, 1775, from Northfield and Warwick to Cambridge; service, 23 days; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Moses Kellogg's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; company return 
[proljably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Dec. 23, 1775. 

Alexander, Giles, Woburn. I'rivatc, Capt. Joshua Walker's co.. Col. David Greene's 
(2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 
6 days; also, list of men in the train band of the 3d co. of Woburn, under com- 
mand of Capt. Timothy Winn, dated May 13, 1775. 

Alexander, Henry, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. Calel) Richardson's 
CO., Col. Timothy Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 

20, 1775; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 21, 1778; Capt. Elisha 
May's (6th) co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; com- 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 121 

Alexander, Henry, continued. 

plexion, light; hair, light; eyes, light; residence, Attleborongh ; mustered by 
James Leonard, Muster Master; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at 
Fishkill, June 16, 1778. 

Alexander, Jabez. Capt. Gates's co. ; receipt for mileage from Albany home, dated 
Marlborough, March 14, 1777. 

Alexander, James, Chelmsford. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Ford's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Chelmsford; enlisted April 28, 
1775; enlisted in the train May 29, 177o; also. Private, Capt. Ford's co.. Col. 
Bridge's regt. ; jnuster roll dated Aug. 1, 177") ; enlisted April 28, 1775 ; service, 1 
mo. 3 days; aho, Capt. John Popkin's co., Col. Richard Gridley's (.\rtillery) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated "Winter Hill, July 14, 1775; also, Matross, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 8 days; 
also, company return dated Sept. 27, 1775. 

Alex.\.nder, James. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. ; Capt. Lane's co., Col. 
Nixon's regt. ; return made by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, 
March 30, 1777; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also. Private, Maj. Thomp- 
son's (also given Capt. Lane's) 8th co., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from March 4, 1777, to Dec. 26, 1777 ; reported 
deceased Dec. 26, 1777. 

Alexander, James. Matross, Capt. William Pierce's co., Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; muster roll for Sept., 1778, dated Providence; enlisted May 9, 1777; 
enlistment, 3 years; reported wounded at Monmouth; also, Corporal; muster 
rolls for Oct., 1778-Feb., 1779, dated Providence; reported as in Col. Harrison's 
regt. under command of Col. Crane in Dec, 1778 ; also, muster roll for March, 1779. 

Alexander, James. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Maj. Lithgow'sregt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 15, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 1, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Penobscot. 

Alexander, James. Private, Capt. John Read's co., Col. James Hunter's regt. ; en- 
listed April 18 1782; discharged Nov. 20, 1782; service, 7 mos. 3 days, in Eastern 
department. 

Alexander, Jeduthan, Marlborough. Capt. Jonathan Holman's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775; also, 
Private ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days ; 
also, company return dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported killed at 
Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 21, 1775. 

Alexander, John, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Alexander, John, Wo])urn. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. David Greene's 
(2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
6 days; also, list of men from 2d Parish of Woburn, in Col. Baldwin's regt., 
dated May 8, 1775. 

Alexander, John, Pelham. Private, Capt. David Cowden's co.. Col. Benjamin Rug- 
gles Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 
11 days; also, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; 
also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Alexander, John, Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co., Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 da.vs; also, Capt. 
Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., 
dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 



122 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alexandeu, John. Private, Capt. Seth Murray's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. ; marched on an expedi- 
tion to Saratoga. 

Alexandku, John. Corporal, Capt. Jolin Tliompson's co., Col. Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. •2.'3, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 17, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day ; 
marched on an alarm to reinforce Northern army under Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Alexander, John, Boston. Private, Col. Da-\id Henley's regt.; enlisted Nov. 18, 
1777 ; enlistment, during war; deserted Feb. 29, 1778. 

Alexander, John. Sergeant, Capt. John Redman's co., Lieut. Col. John Parke's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from July 31, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778, 1 mo. 

Alexander, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Maj. Lithgow's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Penobscot. 

Alexander, John, Woburn. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Ai-my for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 j'rs. ; 
stature, 4 ft. 11 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Woburn; arrived at Spring- 
field July 17, 1780; marched to camp July 17, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Abner Howard ; also, Private ; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Woburn for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 12, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 16, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 15 days ; also, descriptive list of men 
raised from Middlesex Co.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. ^ in.; complexion, dark; 
hair, black ; eyes, dark; occupation, laborer; residence, Woburn; enlisted Feb. 
27, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alexander, Joseph. Private, Capt. Moses Kellogg's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged July 25, 1777; service, 21 
days ; marched to Mores Creek to reinforce Continental Army under command 
of Maj. Gen. Schuyler; also, Capt. Oliver Smith's co.. Col. Porter's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days; marched on an 
alarm to Bennington ; also, Capt. Kellogg's co., Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days; marched on an alarm 
to reinforce Northern army under Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Alexander, Miles, Sunderland. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Henry Stiles's co.. Col. J. 
Ward's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 29, 1776; also, 
Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; i)ay abstract for mileage, 
etc. ; company served at Ticonderoga 3 months from Sept. 1, 1776 ; roll sworn to at 
Deerfield; also, Capt. Reuben Petty's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 19, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, 
Capt. Caleb Montague's (2d) co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; return of men in service Dec. 30, 1778; enlisted May 10, 1776. Roll dated 
Warwick. 

Alexander, Nathaniel, Springfield. Ensign, Capt. Isaac Colton's co.. Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; commissioned June 17, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 21 days; also, company 
return dated Roxlnxry, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. William Hudson 
Ballard's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, 
Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted .Jan. 1, 1776; reported re-engaged Nov. 13, 1776, as Cap- 
tain in Col. Wigglesworth's regt., Imt to serve in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 
31, 1776; also. Captain, Col. Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 10, 1779; reported 
retired as a sui)ernumerary ; also, muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp at Val- 
ley Forge; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp at Wliite Plains; also, 
pay abstracts for Juh- and Aug., 1778, March and April, 1779, dated Providence; 
reported furloughed April 11, 1779. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 123 

Alexaxder, Peter. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co., Col. Asa Whitcoinh's 
reiit. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted April 1, 
1776; discharged Nov. 2, 1776. 

Alexander, Peter, Brimfield. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Walker's co.. Col. Danielson's 
regt. ; company return [prohaljly Oct., 177.')] ; also, Capt. William Toogood's (.5th) 
CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army paj- accounts for service from 
March 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return of men in camp on or before Aug. 
15, 1777, dated Camp at Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, muster roll for May, 1779, 
dated Highlands; reported sick in hospital at Fishkill; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Hey wood's (late Toogood's) co. ; pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, 
Capt. Heywopd's co., Col. Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 19, 1780; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army during 1781-2 reported unfit for service; age, 48 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 5 in. ; disability, old age, etc. ; enlistment, 3 years ; belonged to 2d regt. 

Alexander, Peter. Private, Capt. Josejjh Browning's co.. Col. Seth Murray's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 2 mos. 
18 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Coatinental Army. 

Alexander, Peter, Harwich. Private, Capt. David Holebrook's co.. Col. William 
Shepard's (4th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser^^ce from Jan. 14, 
1780, to Oct. 15, 1780; reported deserted Oct. 15, 1780. 

Alexander, Peter, Monson. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hamp- 
shire Co.; age, 43 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occu- 
pation, tailor; residence, Monson ; enlisted April 18, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alexander, Philip, Putney. Private, Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 2 mos. 20 days. 

Alexander, Philip. Prize Master; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" 
from Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged for British prisoners ; 
return made by Bartholomew Fox, Commissary of Prisoners. 

Alexander, Philip, Woburn. Private, Capt. Elijah Danforth's (7th) co.. Col. Thomas 
Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return of men in camp on or before Aug. 15, 1777, 
dated Camp at Peekskill ; also, Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's co. ; muster roll for 
May, 1779, dated Highlands ; also, Lieut. Col. Daniel Whiting's co. ; pay abstracts 
for Nov. and Dec, 1779, dated Soldier's Fortune; also. Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 14, 1780. 

ALEX-OfDER, Philip, Woburn. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; 
age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark; eyes, dark; occu- 
pation, laborer; residence, Woburn; enlisted April 1, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alexander, Philip, Woburn. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Day's co., Lieut. 
Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, 
dark ; hair, black ; occupation, farmer ; residence, Woburn ; enlisted Dec. 10, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alexander, Richard, Charlemont. Private, Capt. Hugh Maxwell's (1st) co., Col. 
John Bailey's (2d) regt. ; Continental ^Vrmj- pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1777, to Sept. 16, 1779; reported deserted; also, return of men in camp at 
Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778; also, list of deserters; birthplace, Leominster; age, 
19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; enlistment, during 
war; deserted Oct. 19, 1779. 

Alexander, Sawtell. Private, Capt. William Reed's co.. Col. Jonathan Buck's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 19, 1777; discharged Sept. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 10 days, 
at Machias. 



V24: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Alexander, Sawtkix, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
35 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Haverhill ; arrived at 
Springfield July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Phineas Parker ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Alexander, Seth. Private, 7th co. ; order for 3 months wages dated 23, 1783. 

Alexander, Simeon, Northfield. Capt. Eliakim Smith's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; a/so. Private ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 

Alexander, Simeon. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's co., 6th Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days, in Northern 
department. 

Alexander, Solomon. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Hampshire Co. regt., 
Gen. Danielson's brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Oct. 31, 1778; ser- 
vice under Gen. Stark in Northern department. 

Alexander, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 
days. 

Alexander, Thomas, "Wrentham (also given "Walpole and Medfield). Capt. Cowell's 
CO., Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt. ; list of men enlisted into 
Continental Army; joined Capt. Bailey's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years, to expire ]March, 1780; also, Matross, Capt. Thomas Seward's 
CO., Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 
10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to March 10, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Camp 
at New Windsor, Jan. 12, 1780; Capt. Seward's co., 3d Artillery regt.; age, 22 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Medfield; enlisted March 
10, 1777, by Lieut. Bailey; enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Alexander, Timothy. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co.. Col. Wood's regt. ; en- 
listed April 18, 1777; discharged May 7, 1777; service, 21 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Alexander, William, Lunenburg. Matross, Capt. Thomas W. Foster's co.. Col. 
Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
12, 1775; sernce, 2 mos. 25 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Alexander, William. Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 20 days; 
marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. 

Alexander, William. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; enlistment, 3 months; reported deserted; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Alexander, William. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co.. Col. Nathaniel Jordan's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1779; discharged Oct. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo., at Fal- 
mouth. 

Alexander, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Claverack. 

Alexander, William, Ward. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Major's co., Col. Put- 
nam's regt.; age, 28 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; 
residence. Ward ; mustered by Thomas Newhall, April 24, 1780. 



IX THE WAR OF TUt: REVOLUTION. 125 

Alexander, William. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded bj- Capt. John F. 
Williams; engaged March 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 12 
da^'S. 

Alexander, William, Boston. Mariner, schooner "Resolution," commanded by 
Capt. Samuel Trask ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 11, 1780; 
age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Boston. 

Alexander, William, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army; en- 
listed Dec. 26, 1780. 

Alexander, William, Woburn. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the-term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 4 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 17, 1780; 
marched to camp July 17, 1780, under command of Capt. Abner Howard; also, 
Private ; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of WoI)urn for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 13, 1780; discharged Dec. 16, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 14 days ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; 
age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; occu- 
pation, laborer; enlisted April 10, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alexander, William. Matross, Capt. Samuel Shaw's co.. Col. John Crane's (3d 
Artillery) regt. ; muster roll for April, 1781; enlisted Feb. 11, 1781; enlistment, 
during war. 

Alexander, William. Drummer, 2d co. ; order for 1 month pav dated Oct. 21, 
1783. 

Alexanders, Abraham, Woburn. Private; list of men in the train band of the 3d 
CO. of Woburn, under command of Capt. Timothy Winn, dated May 13, 1775. 

Alexanders, John, Woburn. Private ; list of men in the train band of the 3d co. of 
Woburn, under command of Capt. Timothy Winn, dated May 13, 177.5. 

Alexandre, . Private, Col. Armand's Legion ; list of men dated July, 1778 (Inde- 
pendent CO. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

Alexndar, , Xorthfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 

Eli Parker's co., dated Amherst, May 15, 1778; enlisted for town of Amherst; 
joined Capt. Oliver's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 8 months, to expire 
Dec. 5, 1778. 

Alford, Asahel, Becket. Private, Capt. Thomas Williams's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's (loth) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 18, 1775 ; service, 
13 days ; also, company return [probabh- Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Nov. 4, 1775; also, 
list of deserters; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, 
Becket ; deserted July 18 [year not given] . 

Alford, Asahel, Becket. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Peter Porter's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; joined Capt. Moses 
Ashley's co., Col. Joseph Yose's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. 
Ashley's co., Col. Yose's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; marched to Peekskill ; also, muster roll dated Camp 
at Yalley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; reported sick at Becket; also, pay abstracts for 
Jan., March and April, 1779, dated Quarters at Providence ; also, Capt. Hancock's 
CO., Col. Yose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser\'ice from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Alford, Benedict. Private, Capt. Israel Harris's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 12, 1780; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, 11 days; 
marched on an alarm to the Northward b}- order of Gen. Fellows. 



126 ^MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alfoui), Elijah, Becket (also given Hartwood) . Trivate, Capt. Teter Porter's co., Col. 
Paterson's regt., wliich marched April 23, 177"), in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 13 days ; also, Capt. Thomas Williams's co., Col. 
John Paterson's (15th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, company return [prolmbly Oct., 1775] ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, 
Nov. 4, 1775 ; also, list of deserters ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, 
light ; residence, Becket ; deserted July 18 [year not given] . 

Alford, Elijah. Corporal, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ezra "Wood's regt. ; pay 
abstracts for May, June, Aug., Oct. and Dec, 1778; also, order for wages dated 
Becket, June 22, 1779. 

AxFOKD, John. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged May 5, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 

Alfoku, John. Private, Capt. John Reed's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
July 4, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 28 days, in Eastern depart- 
ment; also, receipt for equipments dated Falmouth, Dec. 1, 1781. 

Alford, Johx Hall, Boston. Private, Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. Patterson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 15, 1775; service, 1 mo. 18 
days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also. Sergeant, Capt. John 
Callender's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army paj- ac- 
counts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; residence, Boston; 
credited to town of Roxburj' ; enlistment, 3 years or during war ; also, muster roll 
for Oct., 1777; reported on command at lied Bank; also, muster rolls for Nov. 
and Dec, 1777 ; reported sick in Jerseys ; also, muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 
1778, and April, 1779, dated Providence. 

Alford, Samuel, Boston. Capt. Joseph Williams's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) 
regt. ; mtister return [year not given] ; mustered bj- Squire Greenleaf ; reported 
deserted. 

Alfred, , Boston. Matross, Capt. Edward Crafts's co.. Col. Henry Knox's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for mileage dated Fishkill, Jan. 10, 1777. 

Alfree, John, Medford. Corporal, Capt. Stephen Dana's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; 
enlisted March 19, 1776 ; discharged April 5, 1776 ; service, 18 days, at Boston. 

Algar, Abner. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co.. Col. Siraonds's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 
27, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm at the North- 
ward ; marched to reinforce Gen. Allen. 

Algar, James, Bridgewater. Corporal, Capt. A))iel Peirce's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; pay aljstract for travel allowance, etc, dated Nov., 1776. 

Algeir, Israel. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Keith's co.. Col. Cotton's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
25, 1777; discharged Oct. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo. 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; marched on a secret exijedition to Tiverton, R. I. 

Alger, . [This name also appears under the form of Aleger, Algar, Algeir, Algier, 

Algire, Algor, Alguer, Algur, Aljer, Elgar, Elger.] 

Alger, Aiiiezer, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Eliakim Howard's co.. Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 10, 1776; service, 6 
days ; ordered to march to Braintree Neck. 

Alger, Abner. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., under command of Lieut. William 
White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; dis- 
charged Sei)t. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Alger, Benjamin, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Amasa Soper's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 26, 1770; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; also, pay ab- 
stract for mileage, etc., dated Castle Island, Aug. 13, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 127 

Alger, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Ames's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt. ; en- 
listed July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Alger, Daniel. Order for 3 months wajres dated Bristol, March 7, 1777, payable to 
Capt. Nathan Alden, Col. Jefemiah Hall's regt. ; service at Bristol, R. I. 

Alger, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. J. Jacobs's regt.; enlisted 
July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; ser^'ice, 3 mos. 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Alger, Israel, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; 
also, Capt. Lothrop's Co., Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; company return dated Rox- 
Iniry, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxljury, Dec. 6, 1775 ; also, Corporal, Capt. Amasa Soper's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt. ; paj' rolls for service from date of enlistment, June 26, 1776, to 
Nov. 1, 1776; also, pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Castle Island, 
Aug. 13, 1776; also, Capt. John Ames's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt.; en- 
listed Dec. 9, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 15 daj-s, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Alger, James, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Phanuel Bishop's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. 
Timothy "Walker's (22d) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 11, 
1775 ; service, 2 mos. 3 weeks, 5 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxburj-, 
Oct. 26, 1775. 

Alger, James, Bridgewater. Matross, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt. ; enlisted April 10, 1775 ; discharged May 2, 1775 ; service, 23 days ; also, 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days ; also, Capt. Lothrop's co., Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; company return dated 
Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Roxbury, Dec. 15, 1775. 

Alger, James. List of men drafted for 2 months service at New York, dated Sept. 
19, 1776. 

Alger, James. Private, Capt. John Ames's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 9, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. Ames's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 6, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 5 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alger, James. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; discharged Sept. 27, 1777; service, 27 days; 
company ordered out to reinforce Continental Army at Bennington. 

Alger, Jajies, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by James Leonard, 
Muster Master, dated June 1, 1778; Capt. Joseph Franklin's (10th) co.. Col. 
Thomas Carpenter's (1st) regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, 
dark ; hair, black ; eyes, dark ; residence, Rehoboth ; enlistment, 9 months, from 
time of arrival at Fishkill, June 17, 1778. 

Alger, Jajies. Private, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (12th) 
regt.; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1778, to Jan. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 

Alger, James, Bemardston (formerly Falltown). Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Amasa Sheldon's co., Hampshire Co. regt. ; joined 
Capt. Flower's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. 
Samuel Flower's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 4, 1779; enlisted Nov. 19, 1776; 



128 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Aloer, James, continued. 

reported deserted but returned March 1, 1780; also, muster roll dated Camp at 
Stillwater, Sept. 1."), 1777; also, muster rolls for Sept. and Dec., 1777, Jan., Feb., 
March, April and May, 1778, dated Albany ; reported on command at Green Bush 
in Dec, 1777; deserted Feb. 27, 1778; returned March 20, 1778; also, muster rolls 
for June, July and An;?., 1778, dated AVhite I'lains; reported sick at hospital in 
June; a/so, muster roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fredericksburj; ; «/so, muster roll 
for Oct., 1778, dated Camp Iloxbury ; also, muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, 
and Jan., 1779, dated Camp at Continental Villa^'e ; also, muster roll for Feb. and 
March, 1779, dated Croton; reported on Gen. McDougal's guard in Fel). ; also, 
muster roll for April, 1779, dated Crompond ( ? ) ; also, muster roll for May, 1779, 
dated Camp Highlands ; also, muster roll for June, 1779, dated Constitution Island ; 
also, muster rolls for July and Aug., 1779, dated Camp Highlands; also, muster 
roll for Sept., 1779, dated Camp Bedford; reported deserted Sept. 15, 1779; also, 
Capt. Joseph Crocker's (late Flower's) co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported re- 
turned from desertion March 1, 1780; also, muster roll for Sept., 1780, dated 
Camp Orringtown ; reported on command with sappers and miners ; also, muster 
roll for Oct., 1780, dated Camp Totoway; reported on command with sapjjers; 
also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1780, dated Camp at West Point; reported on 
command with sappers and miners; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
AVest Point, Jan. 25, 1781 ; Col. John Greaton's regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; residence, Falltown; enlisted 
Nov. 14, 1776, by Capt. Flower ; enlistment, during war. 

Alger, Johx, Brookline. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Col. "William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; enlistment, 7 days; reported 
enlisted into the arm}-; also, Capt. Timothy Corey's co.. Col. Baldwin's (late 
Gerrish's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 7 days; also, company return dated Sewall's Point, Sept. 27, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Sewall's Point, Dec. 30, 
1775. 

Alger, Joxathax, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1776; discharged Oct. 1, 1776; service, 1 mo. 20 
days ; also, receipt for wages dated Dorchester, Oct. 9, 1776 ; also, receipt for 
wages for Oct. and Nov., 1776, dated Dorchester; also, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's 
CO., Col. "Williams's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 30, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo., at Tiverton, 11. I.; also. Sergeant, Capt. Israel Hicks's co.. Col. John 
Daggett's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 2, 1778 ; discharged March 31, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Alger, Josiah. Private, Col. Joab Stafford's Independent co. of volunteers from 
New Providence, Lanesborough, East Hoosuck and Gageborough, which fought 
in battle near Bennington, Aug. 16, 1777 ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 
20, 1777 ; service, 6 days. 

Alger, Nathax. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. J. Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Alger, Nicholas. Private, Capt. Zebedee lledding's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
(12th) regt.; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1778, to Jan. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 

Alger, Preserved, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co.. Col. Tim- 
othy Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 8 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Alger, Preserved. List of men drafted for 6 weeks ser\'ice at Rhode Island, dated 
July 27, 1778. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 129 

Alger, Preserved. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, 
5 days ; marched on an alarm to Castleton, hy order of Gen. Fellows. 

Alger, Preserved, Adams. Sergeant, Capt. Levi Brown's co.. Col. Asa Barns's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 30, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1781 ; ser\-ice, 9 
days ; marched on an alarm to join Gen. Stark at Saratoga. 

Alger, Roger. Private, Capt. Reuben Petty's co., Lieut. Col. S. Williams's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged Feb. 18, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days. 

Alger, Roger, Bernardston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Samuel Cook's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated South Hadley, May 28, 
1777; residence, Bernardston ; enlisted for town of Hadley; joined Capt. Shay's 
CO., Col. Putnam's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Daniel Shay's co.. Col. 
Rufus Putnam's (4th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1.5, 1777, to Sept. 1.5, 1779; reported deserted; also, muster return dated 
Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; mustered by Col. Woodbridge ; also, list of deserters ; Col. 
Putnam's (rnh) regt. ; age,27yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, dark; hair, brown; 
residence, Bernardston; enlistment, during war; deserted July — , 1779. 

Alger, Roger, Bernardston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Amasa Sheldon's co., Hampshire Co. regt.; joined Capt. Chase's co.. Col. 
Rufus Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alger, Sto^-ghtox. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 38 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern army after the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Alger, Tho.mas. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. John 
Jacobs's regt.; enlisted Oct. 9, 1779; discharged Nov. 8, 1779; service, 1 mo., at 
Rhode Island. 

Alger, William. Capt. Hodges's co.. Col. Francis's regt. ; receipt for wages for Oct., 
1776, dated Dorchester. 

Algier, Jonathax. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; enlisted July 20, 1777; discharged Aug. 25, 1777; service, 1 mo. 5 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol and 
Providence, R. I. 

Algier, Nicholas. Capt. Simeon Cole's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; return 
of men who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Rehoboth 
and Bristol Co. militia, but did not join the regiment. 

Algire, Christian. Seaman, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams ; engaged May 10, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 6, 1779 ; service, 3 mos. 28 days ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6^ in. ; nationality, American. 

Axgire, Christopher. List of men belonging to United States brig " General Gates," 
commanded by Capt. John Skimmer, entitled to prize shares ; credited with one 
share. 

Algor, Johx. Private, Capt. Benjamin Read's co., Col. John Rand's (Worcester Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 12, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, at 
West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Alguer, John. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Read, Jr.'s co.. Col. Josiah AVhitney's regt.; 
pay roll for 3 months 13 days service between Dec, 1776, and March, 1777. Roll 
dated Uxbridge. 

Algur, Johx. Private, Capt. John Tyler's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; return of 
men in service Dec. 10, 1775. 



130 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Algvr, Preserved, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 11 days. 

Alhet, Michael, Salem. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted March 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alice, John. Private, Capt. Asa Coborn's CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; enlisted April 3, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; reported 
on command with Col. Putnam. 

Alixwood, Samuel, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Charles's (6th) co., Col. James "Wes- 
son's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779. 

Aljer, Benjamin. Corporal, Capt. Amasa Soper's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 1 mo. 1^ days. 

AxKENSON, Robert, Swanzey. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Oct. 29, 1779; 
Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; 
complexion, dark; liair, dark; ej-es, blue; residence, Swanzey; mustered by 
James Leonard, Muster Master ; enlistment, 9 months, from time of arrival at 
Springfield. 

Alkiser, George. Corporal, Capt. James Gregg's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-March, 1781, dated "West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war; reported transferred to Capt. Pierson's co., Jan. 8, 1781. 

All , Robert. Private, Capt. Jabez West's co.; enlisted Oct. 16, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 26, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9^ days ; company raised for defence of 
Machias and expedition against Nova Scotia. 

Allaci, . Private, Col. Armand's Legion; list of men dated July 17, 1778 (Inde- 
pendent CO. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

Allain, Stephen, Jr. List of men drafted to serve 1 month at Rhode Island, dated 
March 13, 1779. 

Allan, Abraham, Pleasant River. Private, Capt. Dyer or Capt. West's co. ; service, 
1 mo. 23 days, on an expedition to St. Johns, N. S. ; marched May, 1777; 
also, Capt. Reuben Dyar's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1777; discharged July 23, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 23 days ; company raised l)etween Mt. Desert and Machias for ex- 
pediton to St. Johns; also, pay roll for service from July 22, 1777, to Dec. 13, 
1777,4 mos. 21 days; service on expedition against St. Johns, N. S. and Ma- 
chias; also, Artillery co., Col. John Allan's regt.; enlisted June 1, 1778; dis- 
charged Dec. 1, 1778; service, 6 mos., at Machias. 

Allan, Adverdvce. Capt. French's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt.; return of men 
who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Conway and Hamp- 
shire Co. militia, but did not join the regiment. 

Allan, Hugh. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Dec. 2, 1778; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 18 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Allan, Jason. Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 
9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Rox- 
bury, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Allan, John. Colonel ; appointed by Council Sept. 17, 1777, to command the troops to 
be stationed at Machias; appointment concurred in by the Legislature Sept.T?, 
1777 ; also, pay abstract for service at Machias from Sept. 16, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1777, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1778, to April 15, 1783 ; 
also. Continental Agent and Commander-in-cliief of Indians in Eastern depart- 
ment; return dated Machias, Oct. 6, 1778. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 131 

Allan, John. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. "Williams; 
engaged Dec. 2, 1778; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 18 days; roll 
dated Boston; also, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged March 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 12 days. 

Allax, Joseph. Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted March 19, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsburg ; reported on 
duty at Dobbs's Ferry ; also, muster rolls for 3ii\y, Aug. and Sept., 1781 ; reported 
transferred to 1st co. in Sept., 1781. 

Allax, Samuel, Walpole. Capt. Boyden's co. ; list of men drafted from Walpole to 
march to Horse Neck under command of Col. Mcintosh [year not given] . 

Allax, Solomox. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Col. Israel Cliapin's 
(2d Hampshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 
6, 1778. 

Allax, Stlvanus. Capt. McClellan's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; return of men 
who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Shelburne and 
Hampshire Co. militia, but did not join the regiment. 

Allard, . [This name also appears under the form of Allord.] 

Allard, Axdrew, Holden. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas New- 
hall, Muster Master; Capt. William Gates's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
mustered June 3, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; reported deceased Sept. 1, 1777. 

Allard, James. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co., Col. Pickering's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 15, 1777; service, 3 mos. 17 days; also, receipt 
for travel allowance dated Springfield. 

Allat, Timothy. Private; list of men returned as ser^•ing on main guard at Prospect 
Hill, July 16, 1775, under Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin. 

Allax.\xder, Richard, Charlemont. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Samuel Taylor's (5th) co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt. ; joined Capt. 
Maxwell's co., Col. Bailey's regt. 

Allbe, Rei'bex. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allbee, Caleb. Col. Nixon's (6th) regt. ; return of clothing for 1784-5. 

Allbee, Ebexezer, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Lemuel Kollock's co.. Col. John 
Smith's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Allbee, Joxathax, Edgecomb. Capt. Jabez Lane's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; 
list of men enlisted into Continental Army. 

Allbee, Levi, Mendon. Corporal, Capt. March Chase's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 7, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 mos. 8 days, at 
Dorchester. 

Allbee, Simeox. Private, Capt. Benjamin's Farrar's co.. Col. Benjamin Haws's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; marched on a secret expedition. 

Allbertsox, Plato. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded bj' Capt. John 
Cathcart; pay rolls for service from May 15, 1779, to Sept. 6, 1779. 

Allbree, Johx. Capt. Caleb Brooks's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for gun and 
blanket money allowed by resolve of Nov. 27, 1776. 

Alley, Reuben. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John JacObs's (Light 
Infantry) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 30, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 
3 days, at Rhode Island. 



132 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Allcock, Rohekt. Private, Capt. John Stutson's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards at Boston, under Maj. Gen. Heath; enlisted Dec. 10, 1777; dis- 
charged March 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 days. 

Allcut, Moses, Sheffield. Private, Capt. A. "Williams's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Alld, Benjamix, Boston (also given Peterborough). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Obadiah Beals's co., dated Cohasset, Feb. 16, 1778; 
enlisted for town of Cohasset; joined Capt. Brown's co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alld, James. Capt. Butler's co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; receipt for wages due Jan. 
1, 1776, dated Camp Mt. Washington; also, Private, Lieut. Walker's (late But- 
ler's) 8th CO., Col. Nixon's regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, 
dated North Castle; also, receipts for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, 
return of men in service Jan., 1777, dated Springfield. 

Alld, John. Private, Lieut. Walker's (late Butler's) 8th co., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; 
return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, receipts 
for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, return of men in service Jan., 1777, 
dated Springfield. 

Alld, William, Newbury (also given Massebeseck). Descriptive list of enlisted men 
raised agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; 
complexion, dark ; hair, black ; eyes, blue. 

Allden, Ahxer. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Alldex, Caleb. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; en- 
listed May 6, 1778 ; discharged May 9, 1778 ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778 ; ser\'ice, 9 days, on alarms at Dartmouth. Roll dated Middle- 
borough. 

Alldex, Ebexezek, Ashfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Benjamin Pliillips's co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 2, 1779; en- 
listment, 3 years or during war. 

Alldex, Elijah, Ashfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Benjamin Phillips's co., 5tli Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 2, 1779; enlistment, 
3 years or during war ; rank. Sergeant. 

Alldex, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
13 days, at New London, Conn. 

Alldex, Job. Corporal, Capt. Joshua White's co., Col. El)enezer Sprout's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Allden, Rufus. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. El)enezer Sprout's regt. ; en- 
listed May 6, 1778 ; discharged May 9, 1778 ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Dart- 
mouth. Roll dated Middlel)orough. 

Alldin, David. Private, Capt. Ephraim Jennings's co.. Col. David Wells's F«gt.; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 31 days, on an expedi- 
tion to the Northward. 

Alldin, John, Oakham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Josiah Wilder's co., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; residence, 
Oakham; enlisted for town of Templeton; joined Capt. Gates's co.. Col. Put- 
nam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 133 

Alldridge, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's rest. ; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. fi, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 days, on alarms at Dartmouth. Roll dated Middle- 
borough. 

Allds, Benjamin, Peterborough. Private, Capt. Thomas Hunt's (4th) co., Col. Henry 
Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 30, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Cohasset; also, Capt. James Jones's 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa.; also, pay 
roll for Aug., 1778, dated Providence; « /.so, pay rolls for Sept., 1778, and Feb., 
1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, Capt. Hunt's co. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated 
Pawtuxet; reported on command at Newton; also, payroll for 5 days service, 
from Oct. 26, 1779, to Nov. 1, 1779, dated Providence; reported deserted May 15, 
1779 ; returned Oct. 26, 1779 ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 27, 1780. 

Allds, Judah. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Bradford's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt. [year not given] . 

Allean, Nathan. Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) 9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Allein, Elijah, Brookfield. Private, Capt. John Packhard's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 2 mos. 2 
weeks, 5 days. 

Allein, Jonathan, Bridgewater. Ensign, Capt. John Packhard's co., Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 2 weeks. 

Allein, Nathan, Brookfield. Sergeant, Capt. John Packhard's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
week, 4 days. 

Allem, Davis, Beverly. Seaman, ship "Resource," commanded by Capt. Richard 
Ober; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 11, 1780; age, 29 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Beverly. 

Allen, . [This name also appears under the form of Aallen, Alan, Aleen, Alen, 

Alton, Allain, Allan, Allean, Allein, Allem, Allien, Allin, Alline, Ailing, Allon, 
Allyn, Obbin, Obbins.] 

Allen, , Harpswell. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co. ; pay abstract for travel 

allowance, etc., dated Aug. 31, 1776; service at Dorchester Heights. 

Allen, , Halifax. Surgeon, Col. John Cushing, Jr.'s regt. ; returned Oct. 30, 1776, 

as mustered from Brig. Gen. Cushing's brigade of Plymouth Co., agreeable to 
resolve of Sept. 12, 1776 ; ordered to march to Rhode Island ; also. Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt.; return of field and staff officers to be commissioned, dated Jan. 
31, 1777. 

Allen, . Captain, Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; reported attending court- 
martial from April 4, 1783, to May 23, 1783. 

Allen, Aaron, Petersham. Private, Capt. John Wheeler's co., Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, 
Capt. Joel Fletcher's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated 
Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Allen, Aaron. Private, Lieut. Benjamin Freeman's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt.; enlisted Sejit. 26, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 30 days; marched 
from Sturbridge to reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward. 



134 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Aaron. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharfjed Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Abel, Walpole. Sergeant, Capt. Jeremiah Smith's co.. Col. Jolin Smith's 
regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Allen, Abel, Monson. Lieutenant, Capt. Freeborn Moulton's co.. Col. Danielson's 
regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 21 
days; reported left Cambridge May 6, 1775. 

Allen, Ahel. Private, Capt. Oliver Clap's co., Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt., under 
command of Maj. James Metcalf ; service, 12 days, at Rhode Island on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776 ; stationed at Warwick, R. I. lioll dated Walpole. 

Allen, Abel. Private, Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co.. Col. Ephraim Sawj-er's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 25 days; marched to rein- 
force Northern army. 

Allen, Abel, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John White's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; 
enlisted April 7, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at and 
near Boston. 

Allen, Abel, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co.. Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 8 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., 
Col. Asa Whitcomlj's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt. ; return of men enlisted Dec. 
8, 1775; also, Capt. John White's CO., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted July 28, 
1777 ; discharged Sept. 5, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days, on an alarm at Bennington ; 
also, list of men mustered in Worcester Co.; Capt. White's co., Col. Whitney's 
regt.; mustered May 13, 1778, by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; enlistment, 
9 months; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778 ; Capt. Goss's 
CO., Col. Whitne\''s regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; 
residence, Lancaster. 

Allen, Abiah'h. Private, Capt. Dyer's (or West's) co. ; service, 1 mo. 23 days; 
marched to St. Johns, N. S., May, 1777. Roll dated Boston. 

Allen, Abijah, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days. 

Allen, Abijah. Private, Capt. Joseph Lovell's Indei)endent co., drafted from the 4th 
regt. ; service, 22 days, at Warwick, R. I., Dec. 29, 1776. Roll dated Med way. 

Allen, Abijah. Private, Capt. Moses French's co., Col. Joseph Palmer's regt.; ser- 
vice, 5 days, l>etween March 4 and March 19, 1776 ; com])any reported to have 
assembled at Braintree. 

Allen, Abijah, Stoughton. Private, Cai)t. Ashahel Smith's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; also, 
Capt. William Bent's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, Capt. Bent's co.. Col. 
Heath's (late Greaton's) 36th regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 
1775; also, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; 
discharged March 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days, in fortifying Dorchester Heights ; also, 
Capt. John Bradley's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
28 days; marclied to Manchester, Yt., to join Northern army; also, Capt. James 
Endicott's co., Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted March 20, 1778 ; discharged 
April 5, 1778; service, 18 days; marched to Roxbury; also, list of men enlisted 
agreeable to resolve of June 10, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 135 

Allex, Abijah. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Richards's co. ; enlisted Aug. 11, 1779; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 3 (lays, with detachment under Capt. Samuel Fisher at Rhode Island. 

Allex, Auijah, Boston. List of men engaged for Continental service from Col. Wil- 
liam Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted for town of Dedham; joined 
Capt. Henry Burbeck's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt.; enlistment, 3 
years, to expire May 7, 1780 ; also, Gunner, Capt. Burbeck's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. David Briant's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; pay rolls for March-Sept., 1777 ; 
reported on command at Artillery Park, Aug., 1777; also, Capt. Burl)eck's co. ; 
muster rolls for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1777; reported at Bethlehem; also. Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 14, 1780; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Burbeck's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; age, 19 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Boston; enlisted April 1, 
1777, by Lieut. Hivill; discharged April 1, 1780. 

Allex, Abijah. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted June 27, 1780; discharged July 1, 1780; service, 8 days, on an 
alarm at West Point, by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Allen, Abijah. Private, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co., Maj. Seth BuUard's regt.; en- 
listed July 27, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 13 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Franklin. 

Allen, Abijah, Easton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 22 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Easton ; arrived at Springfield 
July 20, 1780 ; marched to camp July 20, 1780, under command of Capt. Benjamin 
Warren ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Easton for service 
In the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 17, 1780; discharged Jan. 
20, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 13 days. 

Allen, Abijah. Private, Capt. William White's co.. Col. Enoch Putnam's regt. -, en- 
listed Sept. 9, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Abner. Corporal, Capt. David Copp's co. ; return of men in service at Pierce's 
Island, Nov. 5, 1775. 

Allen, Abner. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's regt.; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Abner, Holliston. Private, Capt. Asa Drury's co., Col. Turner's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 10, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Abraham, Dighton. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hathaway's co.. Col. Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 11, 1776; service, 3 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; reported in camp at Bristol, R. I., and from 
thence marched to Howland's Ferry. 

Allen, Abraham. Private, Artillery co.. Col. John Allan's regt.; enlisted Dec. 13, 
1777 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1778 ; company raised for defence of MacJiias. 

Allen, Abrahabi. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 28, 1780; service, 2 days, 
on an alarm at the Northward, by order of Gen. Fellows; also, Capt. Isaac 
Marsh's CO., Col. Sears's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1781; discharged 
Nov. 2, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days ; stationed at Fort Plains under command 
of Brig. Gen. Stark. 



136 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Abrahasi, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Joseph Eliot's co.. Col. William 
Thomas's rejit. ; enlisted July 11, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 
24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; reported camped at Battes Hill. 

Allen, Amarlvh. Private, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt. ; en- 
listed July 27, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days ; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Amasa. Receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775. 

Allen, Amasa, Oxford. Private, Capt. John Town's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the 
army ; also. Corporal, Capt. Martin's co.. Col. Learned's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Allen, Amasa, Amherst. Private, Lieut. Noah Dickenson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Caml)ridge ; service, 9 days ; also, Capt. Harvey's 
CO., Col. J. Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 24, 
1775; service, 2 mos. 12 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; pay abstract for 
travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, in 1776. 

Allen, Amaziah. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., under command of Capt. Samuel 
Fisher, Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 13, 1779; discharged Sept. 12, 1779; 
service, 1 mo., on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Ambrose. List of men reported as sick in hospital; entered March 2, 1778; 
discharged March 26, 1778. 

Allen, Ambrose. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jona- 
than Ilaraden; engaged Oct. 1, 1777; discharged May 8, 1778; service, 7 mos. 8 
days. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; enlisted March 26, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 18, 1776 ; stationed at Gloucester. 

Allen, Ajios. Private, Capt. John Wood's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) regt.; 
pay abstracts for Feb. and March, 1776; also, pay alistracts for April, May and 
June, 1776, dated New York ; also, list of men returned as having lost articles at 
the evacuation of New York, Sept. 14, 1776; also, list of men engaged to con- 
tinue in service 6 weeks from Jan. 1, 1777; also, list of men under command of 
Col. Jacoljs (formerly of Col. Baldwin's regt.), made up for 6 weeks service, who 
returned guns at Chatham. 

Allen, Amos, Medfield. List of men drafted to march to Providence, R. I., for 1 
month service, by order of Col. Wheelock, April 17, 1777; reported hired by 
Eleazer Ellis, Jr., to serve in his stead. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co., Col. David Field's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days; marched to the North- 
ward by order of Gen. Gates ; dismissed by Gen. Lincoln. Roll sworn to at 
Boston. 

Allen, Amos, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John White's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 5, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days, on an alarm 
at Bennington. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Jolin Ilonies's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days, 
at Cambridge. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Lieut. John Dix's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged July 8, 1778; service, 7 days; stationed at Fort 
No. 2, Cambridge. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 137 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; enlisted 
July 2G, 1778 ; discharged Aug. 16, 1778 ; service, 22 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co.. Col. How's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 15, 
1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 29 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Joliii Drury's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted June 
6, 1778; discharged Feb. 10, 1779; service, 8 nios. 4 days, at North River, N. Y. 

Allen, Amos, Scarborough. Private, Capt. Benjamin Larrabee's co.. Col. Freeman's 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 13, 177G; discharged Nov. 18, 1776; service, 6 days, at Fal- 
mouth, under Command of Col. Jonathan Mitchel ; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Arm}' from Capt. Larral)ee's co. ; joined Capt. John Skillins's co., 
Col. Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Richard Mayljery's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Francis's regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; roll made up for 3 mos. 4^ 
days, to date of arrival at Bennington ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Mayberry's co.. Col. 
Benjamin Tupper's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for sers'ice from Jan. 
1, 1777, to May 31, 1779; reported as serving 21 mos. as Corporal, 8 mos. as Ser- 
geant ; reported died May 31, 1779 ; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated West 
Point; reported enlisted Dec. 22, 1776. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. John Collar's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 19, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days; 
marched to Connecticut under command of Lieut. Col. Powel. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos.; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; marched to Manchester, Vt., thence to AUington, thence to 
Stillwater, liy order of Gen. Lincoln ; joined Gen. John Ashley's regt. and marched 
to Botton's Rills ; also, Capt. Noble's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted May 1."), 
1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 28 days, at Peekskill; enlistment, 
8 months; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778; reported sick in hospital; also, pay roll 
for Oct., 1778 ; reported not joined ; also, order for wages dated New Marlborough, 
Nov. 1, 1779. 

Allen, Amos, Holliston. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted July 13, 1779; discharged Dec. 22, 1779; service on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Amos, Medway. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Dec. 31, 1779; service on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Amos, Pownallwrough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Ebenezer Thayer, Jr.'s ("ith Suffolk Co.) regt., dated Braintree, Jan. 20, 1778; 
residence, Pownal borough; enlisted for town of Braintree; joined Capt. John 
Langdon's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, Light 
Infantry co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Oct. 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted Aug. 8, 1779; returned Oct. 25, 
1779 ; also, Capt. Langdon's co.. Col. Jackson's regt ; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated 
Lancaster; also, payrolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence; also, 
payroll for Sept., 1778, dated Pa\ytuxet; also, Lieut. Thomas H. Condy's co.. 
Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for Nov., 1778; also, pay roll for Feb., 1779, dated 
Pawtuxet; also, pay roll for March, 1779; also, Capt. William Scott's 4th (Light 
Infantry) co. (later commanded by Ensign William Rickard) ; muster roll for 
April, 1779, dated Garrison at Pawtuxet; also, Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Nov. 27, 1780. 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. John Ellis's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 12 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 



138 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Amos. Private, Capt. Walter McFarland's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's (Middlesex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 24, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; companj' raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Allex, Amos. Private, Capt. John Baxter's co., Maj. Jot) Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 27, 1782; discharged Oct. 24, 1782; service, 1 mo., at Hull. Roll dated 
Medfield. 

Allen, Ananias. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Andrew. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Prospect 
Hill, July 16, 1775, under Col. Loammi Baldwin. 

Allen, Andrew, Ipswich (also given Gloucester). Capt. Gideon Parker's co., Col. 
Moses Little's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 2, 1775 ; also, 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
8 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775 ; age, 18 yrs. ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 28, 1775; also, 
return of men in Capt. Parker's co.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; also, return of equip- 
ments dated July 10, 1777. 

Allen, Andrew, Gloucester. Capt. Enoch Putnam's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt.; 
order for advance pa.y dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also. Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; service, 2 mos. 19 days; also, 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Capt. Putnam's co.. Col. Israel Hutchin- 
son's (late Mansfield's) 19th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775; also, Capt. Daniel Warner's (1st) co. ; 
enlisted May 31, 1776; service, 3 mos.; stationed at Gloucester; also, pay roll for 
2 months 18 days service between Sept. 1, 1776, and Dec. 31, 1776; stationed at 
Gloucester. 

Allen, Andrew, Wenham. Private, Capt. Richard Peabody's co.. Col. Edward Wig- 
glesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga home, in 
1776. 

Allen, Andrew, Salem. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 6 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at East Greenwich ; regiment raised in 
Essex and York counties ; reported a tailor. 

Allen, Andrew. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Nov. 11, 1777; discharged April 3, 1778; detached Nov. 5, 1777, to guard 
Gen. Burgoyne's army at Charlestown and Caml)ridge ; also, muster roll for Feb., 
1778, dated Winter Hill; also, Capt. Thomas Cummings's co.. Col. Jacob Ger- 
rish's regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 
days; regiment detached from Essex and Suffolk counties to reinforce army 
under Gen. Washington. 

Allen, Apoi.los. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 24, 1777; discharged April 10, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Allen, Apollos, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Prosjjcct Hill, Dec. 22, 1775; also, Capt. Samuel 
Taylor's co.. Col. Nicholas Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance dated 
Sept. 17, 1776; also, pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester Heights, 
Nov. 28, 1776 ; also, Capt. Timothy Childs's co., Col. David Field's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 18, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Ben- 
nington ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men detached from 3d and 10th cos., 5th 
Hampshire Co. regt., as returned by Maj. David Dickinson, dated Deerfield, July 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 139 



Allen, Apollos, continued. 

24, 1780; age, 23 j'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; eyes, 
light; residence, Greenfield; joined Capt. Isaac Newton's co. ; enlistment, 3 
months; also. Private, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 7 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Arnel, Plympton. Muster Master's receipt dated Boston, Nov. 5, 1782 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Allen, Asa, Tyringham. Private, Capt. "William King's co., Col. John Fellows's regt., 
which marched April 21, 177.'), in response to the alarm of April 19, 177-"); service, 
1 mo. 2 days; rt/srj, Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Allen, Asa. Private, Capt. Noah Lankton's co.. Col. Mark Hopkins's (1st Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 4, 1776; service, 21 days; 
marched to the Highlands, N. Y., by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows; also, Capt. 
Lankton's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted April 26, 1777; dis- 
charged May 20, 1777; service, 25 days, at Saratoga, by order of Gen. Gates; 
also, pay roll for 4 days service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 20, 1777 ; marched to Ben- 
nington; also, pay roll for 29 days service from Sept. 19 to Oct. 17, 1777; 
marched to Stillwater by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Allen, Asa. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
service, 2 mos. 11 days, between April 2 and July 2, 1778, at Cambridge. 

Allen, Asa. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 
Roll sworn to at Wrentham. 

Allen, Asa, Jr. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Herrick's c-o.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 20, 1781; service, 12 days; 
marched on an alarm under command of Lieut. Col. John Collar, by order of 
Col. John Ashley, Jr. 

Allen, Asahel, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, list of 
men enrolled on alarm list taken to June 10, 1776 ; also, list of men raised agree- 
able to orders of General Court of June 25 and July 11, 1776, to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army in Canada and to remain in service until Dec. 1, 1776; reported 
drafted but paid bounty. 

Allen, Asaph, Greenfield (also given Bernardston). Corporal, Capt. Agrippa Wells's 
CO., Col. Samuel Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; reported enlisted into the army May 
1, 1775; also, Capt. Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Allen, ArorsTrs. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Jan. 18, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 21, 1776; stationed at Martha's Vineyard. 

Allen, Augustus, Martha's Vineyard. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Nathan Snow's (South Al)iiigton) co.. Col. Mitchell's (3d Plymouth 
Co.) regt., dated May 15, 1777 ; residence, Martha's Vineyard ; enlisted for town 
of Abington; joined Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also. Sergeant, Capt. Turner's co., Col. Bradford's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1777, to Nov. 30, 1777; 
reported died Sept. 30, 1777. 



140 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allex, Azariah. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co. ; enlisted June 10, 1776; ser- 
■\ice, 2 mos. 21 days, at Gloucester ; also, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; 
pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 18, 1776, 2 mos. 18 days; stationed 
at Gloucester. 

Allen, Bailey. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co., Maj. Eliplialet Cary's regt. ; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Allen, Barnabas, Stoughton (also given Braintree). Private, Capt. Frederick Pope's 
CO., Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
June 24, 1775; service, 1 mo. 10 days; also, company return [probaljly Oct., 
1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Boston, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Allen, Barnabas. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 
23 days ; company sent to reinforce Continental Army at Ticonderoga. 

Allen, Barnard (also given Barnkt). Cai)t. Squire Millerd's co.. Col. Waterman's 
regt.; receipt for wages from Jan. 9, 1777, to Feb. 8, 1777, dated Warwick, R. I. 

Allen, Basham (also given Bersham), Wells. Private, Capt. Esaias Preble's co.. Col. 
Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; enlisted March 31, 1778 ; discharged July 3, 1778 ; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days, at Winter Hill; also, Capt. Daniel Clark's co.. Col. Joseph 
Prime's (York Co.) regt.; enlisted June 16, 1780; discharged Dec. 8, 1780; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 23 days; enlistment, 8 months; company raised for defence of 
eastern Massachusetts. 

Allen, Baavn B. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Berkshire. 

Allen, Benaiah. Receipt for advance pay to July 1, 1779, for service in Rhode Island, 
dated Medway, May 11, 1779; received of Capt. Moses Adams; also. Private, 
Capt. El)enczer Battelle's co.. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt.; enlisted May 14, 1779; 
discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Benajah. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 14, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 9, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days, 
at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Allen, Benjamin, Middleborough. Private, Capt. David Cowden'sco., Col. Benjamin 
Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 15, 
1775 ; service, 1 mo. 18 days ; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, 
Nov. 13, 1775. 

Allen, Benjamin, Boston. Bombardier, Capt. Edward Burbeck's co., Col. Richard 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 10, 
1775; service, 1 mo. 23 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Jan. 6, 1776. 

Allen, Bknja:min. Corporal, Capt. Isaiah Boudreau's co. of Frenchmen from Cum- 
berland Co., N. S., Col. Jonathan Eddy's regt. ; enlisted Nov. 14, 1776; discharged 
Nov. 30, 1776; service, 15 days. Roll dated Machias. 

Allen, Benjamin. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of 
Council of May 12, 1777. 

Allen, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days, 
with Northern army. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 141 

Allen, Bexjajiin. Capt. Edward Fett3-place, Jr.'s co. ; list of prisoners at Halifax to 
be exchanged for British prisoners, dated Marl)leliead, Dec. 15, 1777. 

Allen, Benjamin. Seaman; list of prisoners brought to Marblehead in the cartel 
"Pacific" to be exchanged for British prisoners as returned by Thomas Stone, 
Commissary; taken out of privateer schooner "General Gates" by the British 
brig " Hope." 

Allen, Benjamin. Lieutenant, Capt. William Treadwell's co., Col. John Crane's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 1, 
1778; reported on command at Bethlehem in Nov., 1777; resigned March 1, 1778. 

Allen, Benjamin. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 6, 1778; -service, 1 day, on an alarm at Dartmouth, Bedford and Falmouth. 

Allen, Benjamin. Seaman ; list of men on board the sloop " Providence," commanded 
by Capt. J. P. Jones, entitled to prize shares in the ship "Alexander," captured 
Sept. 20, 1776 ; also. Marine ; list of men on board the ship " Alfred," commanded 
by Capt. John Paul Jones, entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig 
"Active;" also. Seaman, schooner "Active," commanded by Capt. Andrew 
Gardner. Roll dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778. 

Allen, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 6 
days ; company raised to reinforce army at Bennington ; also, Capt. Peter Porter's 
CO., Berkshire Co. regt., Gen. Fellows's brigade ; enlisted July 1, 1778 ; discharged 
Oct. 31, 1778; service, 4 mos., at Albany, under Gen. Stark; also. Corporal, Capt. 
' William White's co., (late) Col. Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 12, 
1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 3 mos. 16 days, at Stone Arabia, N. Y. ; 
also, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Simonds's regt.; enlisted Oct. 27, 1780; dis- 
charged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm; marched to reinforce Gen. 
Allen at the Northward. 

Allen, Benjamin, Shelburne. Private, Cai)t. Hugh McClennen's (McClellan's) co., 
Col. Samuel Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Colrain and Shelburne; service, 10 days; reported 
enlisted into the army May 1, 1775; also, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Asa 
Whitcoinl)'s regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ma\' 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 8 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; a^so, order for bount.y 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Nov. 16, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. John Wells's co.,Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 8, 1777; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 84 days; enlistment to expire 
March 25, 1777 ; company detached to march to Ticonderoga ; also, Capt. Lawrence 
Kemp's CO., Col. David Wells's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted May 10, 1777; 
discharged July 17, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days, at the Northward ; also, Capt. 
Ebenezer Strong's co., Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 10, 
1781; discharged Nov. 20, 1781; service, 3 mos. 10 days, at Saratoga; marched 
to Albany Aug. 17, 1781. 

Allen, Benjamin. Private; list of men belonging to corps of invalids [year not 
given] ; order for clothing to be delivered to Lieut. Ephraim Minot. 

Allen, Benjamin, Jr. Private, Capt. Lawrence Kemp's co.. Col. David Wells's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 17, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 9 days, at the Northward. Roll dated Shelburne. 

Allen, Bicknell. Drummer, Capt. Israel Hicks's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 2, 1778; discharged March 31, 1778; service, 3 mos., on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Rehoboth. 

Allen, Bicknell. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., under command of Capt. 
Samuel Fisher, Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 13, 1779; discharged Sept. 
12, 1779; service, 1 mo., on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



142 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Bickxell. Private, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt. ; en- 
listed Jnlj- 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; ser\'ice, 3 mos. 5 days; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army at Rhode Island. 

Allen. Boston, Shrewsbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Asa Rice's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 15, 1777 ; enlisted for town 
of Shrewsbury (also given Worcester) ; joined Capt. Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Pierce's co., Col. Timothy Bige- 
low's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 2.5, 1777, to 
June 1, 1778; reported deceased. 

Allen, Byram. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 7 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Caleb. List of prisoners exchanged at Newport, Aug. 6, 1777, for British 
prisoners; reported taken in arms at Boston Neck, Aug. 5, 1777. 

Allen, Caleb. Private. Capt. Thomas French's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern department. 

Allen, Caleb. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Sibley's co., Col. Danforth Kej-es's regt.; en- 
listed July 8, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; service, 5 mos. 23 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; roll dated Providence ; also, pay roll for July, 1777, dated North 
Kingston ; also, return of men in service at North Kingston, Dec. 8, 1777, dated 
Sturbridge. 

Allen, Charles. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Dec. 4, 1776, to Jan. 9, 1777, 21 days. 

Allen, Christian. Fatigue man, Quartermaster-general's department at Fishkill; 
return of men in service Oct. 14, 1781 ; enlistment to expire April 20, 1782. 

Allen, Clark. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's (6th) co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.; 
return of men for wages for Aug., 1775. Roll dated Chelsea. 

Allen, Daniel. Private, Capt. William Lithgow's co. ; pay rolls for service from Feb. 
19, 1776, to Nov. 23, 1776 ; stationed at Falmouth, Cumljerland Co. 

Allen, Daniel. Seaman ; list of prisoners exchanged at port of Halifax by order of 
Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777; reported taken in a trading vessel. 

Allen, Daniel. Private, Capt. John Berry's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Dec. 22, 1778; service, 4 mos. 21 days. Roll 
dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Allen, Daniel, Winthrop. Private, Capt. Isaiah Stetson's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., from date of enlistment, Dec. 
27, 1776, to date of arrival at Bennington, Feb. 4, 1777; also, Corporal, 8th co.. 
Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 3, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 24 mos. 28 days as Corporal, 9 mos. as 
Sergeant ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Daniel. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th 
Lincoln Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 21, 1780; discharged Nov. 11, 1780; service, 22 
days ; ordered out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's Bay. 

Allen, Daniel. Private, Capt Solomon Walker's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; en- 
listed May 29, 1780; discharged Dec. 26, 1780; service, 6 mos. 28 days, at the 
Eastward, under Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Allen, Daniel, Topsham. Private, Capt. George White's co., Col. Benjamin Tup- 
per's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 12, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, pay roll for rations for 2 months 10 days, from .Jan. 12, 1777, 
to time of arrival at Bennington ; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated West 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 143 

Allen, Daniel, continued. 

Point; reported on command at the Lines; also, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Tup- 
per's refit. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 
12, 1780 ; reported discbarjied Jan. 12, 1780. 

Allen, Daniel, Topshain. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Samuel McColilj's (1st Lincoln Co.) regt., dated Pownalborough, Aug. 20, 1778; 
returned by Brig. Gen. Charles Cashing; service guarding troops of convention, 
public stores, etc., under Gen. Heath; also, Private, Capt. Acter Patten's co.. Col. 
McCobb's regt. ; enlisted July 6, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
19 days, on Penobscot expedition ; also, Muster Master's receipt dated Bath, Jan. 
22, 1782; Capt. Patten's co., Col. McCobb's regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; complexion, dark ; conducted to Boston by Luke Lombard; also, descrip- 
tive list of enlisted men; age, 23 (also given 21) yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 (also 
given 9) in.; complexion, dark (also given light); hair, dark; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Topsham; enlisted Felt. 27, 1781; joined Capt. Luke Day's 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Daniel. Drummer, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. McCobb's regt. ; en- 
listed May 15, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 15 days, near Pe- 
nobscot River; also, receipt for equipments dated Coxhead, June 8, 1781. 

Allen, David, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 11 days. 

Allen, David. Private, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; enlisted June 25, 1776 ; 
discharged Aug. 31, 1776; service, 2 mos. 6 days; stationed at Gloucester; also, 
pay roll for service from Oct. 2, 1776, to Nov. 18, 1776, 1 mo. 17 days; stationed 
at Gloucester. 

Allen, David. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777; discharged Sept. 29, 1777; service, 24 days, at 
the Northward of Pawlet. 

Allen, David, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Field's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 18, 1777; service, 4 days, on an 
alarm at Bennington. 

Allen, David, Boston. 1st Lieutenant (ranking as Captain in the army). Col. Richard 
Gridley's regt.; appointment by Congress dated Watertown, 1775; also, 1st 
Lieutenant, Capt. Callender's co., Col. Gridley's (j^^tillery) regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 days; also, Lieut. 
Perkins's co., Col. Gridley's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also. 
Captain, Col. John Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 13, 1778 ; reported resigned Sept. 13, 1778 ; also, muster 
roll for Sept., 1777; reported sick at Peekskill. 

Allen, David. Major's co. ; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged April 25, 1780 ; enlist- 
ment, 9 months. 

Allen, David, Wilbraham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 25 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Wilbraham ; arrived at Spring- 
field Aug. 4, 1780 ; marched to camp Aug. 5, 1780, under command of Capt. Samuel 
Carr. 

Allen, David. Private, Capt. Eliakim Howard's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Bridgewater. 

Allen, David. Private, Capt. Abram Washlmrn's co.. Col. Cotton's regt.; enlisted 
March 10, 1781; service, 22 days; enlistment, 40 days; marched to Newport, 
R.I. 



144 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, David. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 8 
days, at Falmouth and Dartmouth, on an alarm in Sept., 1778; also, return of 
men in service at Falmouth on alarms of Feb. 4, April 2 and May 10, 1779 ; ser- 
vice, 2 days; rt/so, Corporal, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co. ; enlisted March 20, 1779; 
discharged Nov. 16, 1779; service, 7 mos. 28 days; stationed at Falmouth; also, 
list of men raised by the town of Falmouth for its defence ; enlisted July 20, 1781 ; 
discharged Sept. 20, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 

Allen, David, Boston. Petition asking that said Allen be commissioned commander of 
sloop " Snatch-cat; " commissioned June 22, 1778; also, Commander of schooner 
" Cato ; " descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 30, 1780 ; age, 29 yrs. 4 
mos.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, light; residence, 
Boston; also, petition dated Boston, April 11, 1781, asking that said Allen l)e 
commissioned commander of brigantine " Shark ; " commissioned April 12, 1781 ; 
also, petition dated Boston, Sept. 7, 1781, asking that said Allen be commissioned 
commander of the sloop " Fox;" commissioned Sept. 12, 1781. 

Allen, Davis, Beverly. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. in 1779 to 
serve in Continental Army ; age, 34 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; 
residence, Beverly ; delivered to Capt. L. Bailey ; also, Muster Master's receipt 
dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; returned by John Cushing, Muster Master for 
Essex Co. ; enlisted for town of Beverly ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Allen, E. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax to 
Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Allen, Eben, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Thomas Gates's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177'i; service, 8 days; also, 3d Corporal, Capt. Andrew Has- 
kell's CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177;"); enlisted 
April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 177-i. 

Allen, Ebenezer, Conway. Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, June 27, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; 
also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Allen, Ebenezer, Marblehead. Capt. Nicholas Broughton's co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 20, 1775; service, 1 mo. 8 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Allen, Ebenezer. Seaman, brigantine "Rising Empire," commanded by Capt. 
Richard Whellen ; engaged May 15, 1776 ; discharged Sept. 3, 1776 ; service, 3 
mos. 19 days. 

Allen, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 38 days ; marched to reinforce 
Northern army after the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Allen, Ebenezer, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Field's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 18, 1777; service, 4 days, on an 
alarm at Bennington. 

Allen, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. David Field's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days; marched to the 
Northward by order of Gen. Gates; dismissed by Gen. Lincoln. Roll sworn to 
at Boston. 

Allen, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Winch's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 25 days, in 
Nortliern department. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 145 

Allen, Ebexezer. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 18, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Allex, Ebenezer, HoUiston. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 18, 1779 ; service, 4 mos. 
28 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allex, Ebexezer. Sergeant, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co., Col. Abner Perry's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co.. Col. John Hathaway's (2d 
Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allex, Ebexezer, Dudley. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Worcester 
Co. ; Capt. Corbin's co.. Col. Davis's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Dudley; enlisted July 8, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; 
marched to Springfield ; also, Capt. King's co., 10th regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1779; 
discharged April 10, 1780; enlistment, 9 months; also, descriptive list of men 
raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve 
of June 5, 1780; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; arrived at 
Springfield July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of 
Ensign Joseph Miller ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned \>j Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Dudley for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 26, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 9, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 22 days ; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men ; Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Grout's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; statm-e, 5 ft. 10 in. ; 
complexion, light (also given dark) ; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, 
Dudley; enlisted Jan. 2, 1781 ; joined Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Corporal ; list of officers in Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt. [year not given] ; also, order for 1 month 10 days wages as 
Corporal, dated Oct. 22, 1783 ; also, order for 3 months 20 days wages as Sergeant, 
dated Oct. 22, 1783; service in 5th co. 

Allex, Ebexezer, Connecticut. List of prisoners returned from New York in the 
cartel "Rising Empire," commanded by Capt. Godfrey; reported employed on 
the " Oliver Cromwell," belonging to the State of Connecticut. 

Allex, Ebexezer, Jr., Holliston. Private, Capt. John Lealand's co.. Col. Abijah 
Pierce's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 6 days; reported enlisted into the army April 25, 1775; also, Capt. Jacob 
Miller's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 16 days; also, company return dated 
Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Allen, Ebexezer, Jr., Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothj' Childs's co.. Col. David 
Field's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 18, 1777; service, 4 daj-s, 
on an alarm at Bennington. 

Allex, Ebexezer, Jr. Private, Capt. William Greenleaf's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 4 days. 

Allen, Edmoxd, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Crafts's co.. Col. Larned's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; 
service, 2 days. 

Allex, Edmvxd. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co.. Col. John Holman's regt.; re- 
turn 01 men in service for 21 days at Providence, R. I., dated June 22, 1778; 
also, Capt. Putnam's co.. Col. Wade's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted June 21, 
1778; discharged July 17, 1778; service, 26 days; marched to join Gen. Sullivan 
at Providence, R. I. Roll dated Sutton. 



146 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAJI^ORS 

Allen, Edmund. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 13 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, 11. I. 

Allen, Edward, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. James Allen's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
1 week, I day; also, Capt. Allen's co., Gen. Thomas's regt.; company return 
dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Allen, Edward, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Nathan Hamilton's co.. Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; pay abstract for service from Aug. 3, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, 
1 mo. 29 days; also, receipt for wages for Oct., 1776, dated Tieonderoga Mills; 
also, pay abstract for mileage from Fort Edward home, dated Brookfield, Feb. 6, 
1777; also, Capt. William Henry's co., "Worcester Co. regt.; enlisted Oct. 9, 1779; 
discharged Nov. 10,1779; service, 1 mo. daj-s,at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Allen, Edward, Salem. Descriptive list, dated July 1, 1780, of the officers and crew 
of the ship " Jack," commanded by Capt. Nathan Brown ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Allen, Eleazer, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 daj's; also, 
Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 6 days; also, company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Allen, Eleazer, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish); service, 6 days; also, 
Capt. Battle's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.; pay abstract for 6 days rations, etc., 
in March, 1776; service in fortifying Dorchester Heights. 

Allen, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; enlisted April 17, 1776 ; 
roll made up for 3 months service ; stationed at Dartmouth. 

Allen, Eleazer, Sutton. Private, Capt. John Blanchard's co.. Col. James AVesson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 10, 1777, to Nov. 1, 
1779; reported deserted Nov. 1, 1779; returned to service Aug. 1, 1781. 

Allen, Eliakim, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Aaron Guild's co.. Col. Lemuel Robson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 25, 1776; roll made 
up for 18 days to date of marching; service at Dorchester Heights; regiment 
raised in Suffolk and York counties; also, Capt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; 
return of equipments made up to June 10, 1776 ; age, 22 years. 

Allen, Elihu, Sandisfield. Private, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Soul's) co.. Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Tieonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; en- 
listed May 29, 1776 ; reported on furlough with Capt. Allen ; also, Capt. Allen's 
CO., Col. Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 28, 1778; reported discharged April 28, 
1778; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Valley Forge; reported on fur- 
lough; enlistment, during war; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service 
and returned hj Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated 
Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for montlis men raised by the town 
of Sandisfield for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 2, 
1780; discharged Dec. 3, 1780; service, 5 mos. 5 days. 

Allen, Elijah, Lenox. Private, Capt. Caleb Hyde's co.. Col. James Easton's regt.; 
enlisted May 10, 1775; discharged May 15, 1775; service, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Tieonderoga; also, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 24, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported on command at Quebec. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 147 

Allen, Elijah, Dartmouth. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, .'i days; also, 
Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775; reported discharged Sept. 27, 1775; a/so, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Allen, Elijah, Gilford. Private, Capt. Moses Draper's co., Col. William Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect 
Hill, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Allen, Elijah, Brookfield. Private, Capt. John Packard's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(late D. Brewer's) regt.; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Allen, Elijah. Private, Capt. Daniel Haws's co.. Col. Samuel H. Parson's regt. ; list 
of men from Worcester Co. on an enlistment certificate, dated Camp at Roxbury, 
Feb. 24, 1776 ; enlisted Dec. 5, 1775. 

Allen, Elijah, Petersham. Private, Capt. William Warner's co., Col. Josiah AVhit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted May 15, 1776; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1776; also, pay ab- 
stract for travel allowance dated Camp at Hull, June 18, 1776. 

Allen, Elijah, AVeston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 day; a/so, Capt. Edward Fuller's co.. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; return of men in service [probably Oct., 1776]. 

Allen, Elijah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 
3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Dartmouth to Rowland's 
Ferry to repel the British forces which arrived at Newport, Dec. 7, 1776. 

Allen, Elijah, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, 
return of men on alarm list taken to June 10, 1776 ; age, 53 yrs. ; also, list of men 
who received money for " turns done in last wars in the days of Capt. Morse the 
1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 1776; also, list of men drafted to rein- 
force Continental Army agreeable to a warrant issued Nov. 21, 1776, attested by 
Capt. Sabin Mann; also, Capt. Mann's co., Maj. James Metcalf's regt.; enlisted 
Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 11, 1776; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; also, list of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, agreeable to a 
warrant issued by Lieut. Baxter, May 8, 1777 ; paid money in lieu of service ; 
also, list of men who marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 22, 1777. 

Allen, Elijah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co.. Col. Dickinson's regt., under 
command of Maj. Jonathan Clapp; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 
1777 ; service, 39 days, on an alarm at Ticonderoga. 

Allen, Elijah, Dartmouth. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 

Muster Master, and returned between March 22, 1777, and March 27, 1777; Capt. 

Dunham's CO., Col. Bailey's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; enlistment, 3 years; a/so, Private, 

8th CO., Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 

Feb. 22, 1777, to Oct. 29, 1777 ; reported deceased. 
Allen, Elijah. Private, Capt. Wing Spooner's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 

Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days. 
Allen, Elijah, Framingham. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co.. Col. Samuel 

Denny's regt.; enlisted Oct. 28, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 6 

days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allen, Elijah. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co. ; enlisted July 20, 1775; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 14 days; also, Capt. Crandon's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



148 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Elijah, Medway. Private, Capt. Samuel Cobb's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
refft. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.'); enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 
days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 177'); also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775; also, Capt. Josiah 
Fuller's co., Col. Wheeloclv's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharired Jan. 1, 
1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Warwick, R. I. ; 
also, list of men who went to Providence, R. I., dated July 26, 1778; also, receipt 
for bounty for 6 weelis service at Rhode Island, dated Medway, Nov. 1, 1778; 
received of Capt. Moses Adams; also, Capt. Moses Adams's co., Maj. Seth Bul- 
lard's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 13 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Elijah. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s regt.; en- 
listed Oct. 12, 1781; discharged Oct. 23, 1781; service, 11 days; marched on an 
alarm to Barnes's Heaths in Stillwater. 

Allen, Elijah, Jr. Private, Capt. Benjamin Allton's co., Col. John Rand's regt.; 
enlisted July 9, 1780; discliarged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages dated Sutton, March 4, 1782. 

Allen, Elijah Daniel, Sutton. Private, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Capt. 
Elias Pratt's co. ; enlisted April 12, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
19 days, with guards at Rutland. 

Allen, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Joli Cushing's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 16, 1777; discliarged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days; drafted 
for service in Northern army. 

Allen, Eliphalet. Marine, sloop "Defence," commanded l)y Capt. Joseph Nevins; 
engaged Aug. 2, 1781 ; discharged Sept. 26, 1781 ; service, 1 mo. 24 days. 

Allen, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Acter Patten's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; 
service, 1 mo. 18 days, l)etween July 6, 1779, and Sept. 25, 1779, on Penobscot 
expedition; also, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. McCobb's regt.; enlisted 
May 15, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 6 nios. 15 days, near Penobscot 
River; also, receipt for equipments dated Coxhead, June 8, 1781. 

Allen, Elisha, Stougliton. Private, Capt. Asahel Smith's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Allen, Elisha, Lancaster. Sergeant, Capt. John Prescott's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 13 days. 

Allen, Elisha, Northampton. Private, Capt. Jonathan Allen's co.. Gen. Pomeroy's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 27, 1775 ; also, Capt. Allen's 
CO., Col. John Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Dor- 
chester, Nov. 7, 1775. 

Allen, Elisha, Wells. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Littlefield's (8th) co.. Col. Eben- 
ezer Sayer's (1st York Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
June 25, 1776; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezer Sinii)son's (8th) co., 1st York 
Co. regt. [year not given] . 

Allen, Elisha. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 
1770, to Nov. 21, 1776, 2 mos. 21 days; stationed at Elizabeth Islands. 

Allen, Elisha. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's co. ; service, 4 days; ordered to march 
to Court House, Providence, thence to Warwick Neck, R. I., by Maj. James 
Metcalf ; roll dated Cumberland, Dec. 9, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 149 

Allen, Elisha. Private, Lieut. John Dryer's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; en- 
listed Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; sersice, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. Simeon 
Cole's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 5, 1780; serv'ice, 5 days,. on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, 
R.I. 

Allen, Elisha. Corporal, Capt. James Hill's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; list of 
men in service at Bristol for 3 months from Dec. 28, 1776. 

Allen, Elisha. Private, Capt. Ichabod Wade's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. George 
Williams's regt.; service, 21 days, at Tiverton, R. I., Oct. 7, 1777. 

Allen, Elisha. PrTvate, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co., Col. Williams's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 9, 1777 ; service, 10 days, at Tiverton, R. I. Roll 
dated Rehoboth. 

Allen, Elisha. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days, 
with Northern army; reported on furlough. 

Allen, Elisha. Private; detachment of guards from Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., un- 
der command of Sergt. John Holbrook ; enlisted Sept. 7, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 
24, 1778; service, 2 mos. 17 days, at Blue Hills. 

Allen, Elisha, Jr. List of men in Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co. ; stationed at 
Brookline for 6 weeks ; dismissed Jan. 15, 1776. 

Allen, Elnathan, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Ross Wyman's (Artillery) co.. Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cam- 
bridge; service, 9 days; also, Capt. Moses Harrington's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Allen, Elnathan. Private, Capt. Ephraim Lyon's co., Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
June 24, 1778 ; discharged July 13, 1778 ; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Groton. 

Allen, Enoch, Ashfield. Private, Lieut. Samuel Bartlet's co., which marched April 
22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Ebenezer Webber's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, compan\' return 
dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 22, 1775. 

Allen, Enoch, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which inarched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return of equipments made up to June 10, 1776 ; 
age, 35 yrs. ; also, list of men who received money for " turns done in last wars in 
the days of Capt. Morse the 1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 1776; also, 
list of men drafted to march to Providence, R. I., fori month service by order of 
Col. Wheelock, April 17, 1777; also, list of men who went on a secret expedition 
to Rhode Island for 30 days, from Oct. 1, 1777, agreeable to a warrant issued by 
Col. Hawes, Sept. 25, 1777 ; reported drafted ; also, Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co., 
Col. Hawes's regt.; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 28, 1777; service, 1 
mo. 7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Enoch. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Adams's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 3, 1777; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 5 mos., at Cam- 
bridge; reported promoted from Corporal, Dec. 1, 1777; also, Capt. Ezekiel 
Plimpton's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for Nov., 1777; also, Capt. 
Adams's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; receipt for wages, etc., dated Medway ; also, 
Lieut. Hezekiah Ware's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; en- 
listed June 20, 1778; discharged July 14, 1778; service, 25 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



150 MASSACHCSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Enoch. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Col. How's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
15, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 29 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Ends. Receipt for bount.v paid him hy chairman of Class No. 1 for the town of 
Paxton, to serve in the Continental Army for the terni of 3 years, dated Paxton, 
May 8, 1782. 

Allen, Ephraim. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard, May 11, 
1775, under Maj. Loammi Baldwin. 

Allen, Ei'hraim. Capt. Thaddcus Russell's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 26, 
1775. 

Allen, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Allen, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Francis Stone's co., Col. James Converse's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Bennington, in Aug., 1777. 

Allen, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Wing Spooner's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 30, 1777 ; service, 9 days ; marched from 
Petersham to Bennington to reinforce Gen. Stark. 

Allen, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged Aug. 12, 1778; service, 17 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Elisha May's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 23, 1778; discharged Sept. 2, 1778; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Ephraim. Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll sworn to in Bristol Co. 

Allen, Ephraim. Quartermaster, Col. Isaac Dean's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted 
March 5, 1781 ; discharged March 16, 1781 ; service, 12 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Mansfield. 

Allen, Ephraim, Northborough. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wriglit's co., Col. Luke 
Drury's regt. ; marched Aug. 9, 1781 ; arrived at camp Aug. 18, 1781 ; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 9 days, at West Point. 

Allen, Eronar (also given Eronan). Private, Capt. Joseph Eliot's co.. Col. William 
Thomas's regt.; enlisted July 30, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 
5 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; reported encamped at Battes Hill, Dec. 1, 
1781. 

Allen, Ezekiel, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford; service, 3 days. 

Allen, Ezekiel, Lexington. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(38th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 
28 days; also, list of men wlio took the oath required by Congress dated Middle- 
sex, May 27, 1775; also, pay abstract for Aug., 1775, dated Camp at Medford; 
also, pay abstract for Sept., 1775, dated Chelsea; also, Capt. Wood's (5th) co., 
Col. Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Medford, Dec. 28, 
1775; also, list of new recruits dated Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1775; also, pay ab- 
stracts for Feb. and March, 1776; also, pay abstract for April, 1776, dated New 
York ; also, pay abstract for May, 1776 ; also, pay abstract for June, 1776, dated 
New York. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 151 

Ai-LEN, EzEKiEL. Private, Capt. Mark Pool's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's legt. of guards ; 
pay abstracts for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to April 3, 1778 ; service at Charles- 
town and Cambridge ; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter Hill. 

Allen, Ezekiel. Private, Capt. Edward Richardson's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted June 21, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 7 mos. 9 days, at North 
River, N. Y. ; roll dated Watertown ; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated West 
Point; also, pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Allen, Ezra. Private, Capt. Samuel Wolcott's co.. Col. Hopkins's regt. ; service, 16 
days, between July IG, 1776, and Aug. 5, 1776; marched to the Highlands, N. Y. 
Roll sworn to in Berkshire Co. 

Allen, Ezra. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel " from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Allen, Ezra, Greenwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; birth- 
place, Connecticut; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7| in.; complexion, light; hair, 
brown; occupation, shoemaker ; residence, Greenwich ; enlisted for town of West- 
minster; enlisted Sept. 15, 1782; joined Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Ezra, New Marlborough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. 
in 1779 ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; residence. New Marl- 
borough; delivered to Lieut. Storey; also, Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Smith's (13th) 
regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged March 7, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Allen, Ezra. Private ; 3d co. ; order for 6 months wages dated Oct. 11, 1783. 

Allen, George. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; ser- 
vice, 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Dartmouth to How- 
land's Ferr\-, R. I., to repel the British forces which arrived at Newport, Dec. 7, 
1776. 

Allen, George. Capt. James Hill's co., Col. John Daggett's regt. ; list of men in 
service at Bristol for 3 months from Dec. 28, 1776. 

Allen, George. Private, Capt. John Walton's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service at Cambridge 
and Charlestown, guarding troops of convention. 

Allen, George, Watertown. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continen- 
tal Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 20 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Watertown; arrived at 
Springfield Juh" 5, 1780 ; marched to camp July 5, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Frothingham of the artillery ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service 
and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated 
Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Iiy the 
town of Watertown for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched 
July 4, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 24, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 2 days. 

Allen, George, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's 
(22d) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 13, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 
2 weeks, 6 days ; also, companj' return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; order for advance pay dated 
Camp at Hull, June 21, 1776; also, payroll for 2 mos. 13 days service jirior to 
Aug. 1, 1776 ; also, order for wages dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776 ; also, pay 
rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776; also, Capt. Redding's co.. 
Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 13, 1777 ; roll made up for 3 months 
18 days rations; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 11, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Sergeant; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 3 mos. as Private, 9 
mos. as Sergeant; also, muster roll dated Steenrapie, Sept. 5, 1780. 



152 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, George. Sergeant, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. CoL John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; discharged Jan. 1, 1781 ; en- 
listment, 6 months. 

Allen, Gideon. Private, Lieut. John Kilhurn's co., CoL Siraonds's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 15, 1780; service, 4 days; marched 
on an alarm to Vermont liy order of Gen. Fellows. 

Allen, Gideon. Receipt for bounty paid him by chairman of a Class for the town of 
■West Springfield, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
April 20, 1782. 

Allen, Henriqve. Seaman, brigantine "Hazard," commanded l)y Capt. Simeon 
Samson ; engaged Nov. 12, 1777. 

Allen, Henry, Deerfield (also given Greenfield). Private, Capt. Jonas Lock's co., 
Col. Williams's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 
days; also, Capt. Agripi)a Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Allen, Henrt. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's co., 6th Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 3, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 22 days, on an expedition 
to the Northward. 

Allen, Hezekiah, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., wliich marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 1 day. 

Allen, Hezekiah Peters, Dedham. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Maj. 
Nathaniel Heath's detachment of guards; enlisted July 27, 1779; discharged Oct. 
1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 4 days, at Boston; also, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., 
Sutfolk Co. regt., under command of Maj. Gen. Hancock; enlisted Oct. 8, 1779; 
discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 3 da.ys, at Castle Island; also, paj' roll 
for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Dedham for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; marched July 17, 1780; discharged Dec. 23, 1780; service, 5 
mos. 17 days; also, return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; en- 
listed March 24, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Hooper, Manchester. Private, Capt. Hatfield White's co., Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (4th) regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; mustered by Squire 
Cushing ; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 19, 1777, to 
Feb. 19, 1780 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Hugh. Seaman; list of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Allen, Humphrey. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 30 days, on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Allen, Isaac, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Robert Orr's co., Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Allen, Isaac, Manchester. Private, Capt. Hart's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; service, 74 days ; 
also, Capt. John AViley's co.. Col. Sargent's regt.; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dec. 13, 1775. 

Allen, Isaac, Stoughton (also given Braintree). Private, Capt. Frederick Pope's co., 
Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 
24, 1775; service, 1 mo. 10 days; also, company return [probablj' Oct., 1775] ; 
discharged Oct. 1, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Cambridge, March 15, 1776. 

Allen, Isaac, Gloucester. Corporal, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll for April, 1776; enlisted Feb. 9, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 153 

Ali.ex, Isaac, New Gloucester. Private, Capt. Richard Mayberry's co. of recruits, 
Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, 
Aug. 29, 177G. 

Allen, Isaac. Private, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's ('2d) co. ; enlisted March 26, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 18, 1776 ; stationed at Gloucester. 

Ai.i.EN, Isaac, New Gloucester. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Timothy Pike's (4th Cumberland Co.) regt. ; joined Capt. Ballard's co.. Col. 
Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allex, Isaac Private, Capt. El)enezer Everett's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Ang. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Isaac Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Isaac, New Gloucester. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. William Harris's co., Cumberland Co. regt., dated Nov. 24, 1778; joined 
Capt. Lunt's co., Col. David Henley's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Caleb Low's (2d) 
CO., dated Feb. 14, 1778 ; residence, New Gloucester ; enlisted for town of Danvers ; 
joined Capt. Lunt's co., Col. Henley's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; a/50, list of men 
returned by the committee for settling disputes between towns as to soldiers 
credited to them ; reported claimed l)y Danvers ; allowed to New Gloucester ; 
also, Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's (uth or 9thj co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
(16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Oct. 27, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, pay roll 
dated Camp at Providence, July 10, 1779; also, return dated Camp at Providence, 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Scott's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 27, 1780. 

Allen, Isaiah. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers acting as boatmen ; pay roll for 
20 days service from Aug. 8, 1778. 

Allen, Israel, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Francis Willson's co.. Col. Danforth 
Keyes's regt.; enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; service, 5 mos. 9 
days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Providence, K. I. 

Allen, Israel, Jr., Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Artemus 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 9 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Cushing's CO., Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Apiil 28, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 13, 
1775; also, Capt. John Maynard's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted Aug. 
21, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Bennington; 
marched to Hadley by order of Col. Denney. 

Allen, Israel, Jr. Capt. Stearns's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; an agreement 
dated April 26, 1775, engaging to serve until Dec. 31, 1775. 

Allen, Israel, 3d. Private, Capt. John Maynard's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777 ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington; marched to Hadley by order of Col. Denney. Roll dated Shrews- 
bury 

Allen, Ithamer, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co., Col. David Leonard's 
regt.; enlisted Feb. 24, 1777; discharged April 10, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days; 
also, Capt. Childs's co., Col. David Field's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; dis- 
charged Aug. 18, 1777 ; service, 4 davs, on an alarm at Bennington. 



154 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Ithameu. Private, Lieut. Benjamin Freeman's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 30 days; marched from Sturbridge Sept. 
27, 1777, to reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward. 

Allen, Ithamer. Private, Capt. John Wells's co., Col David Wells's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, in 
Northern department. Roll dated Shelburne. 

Allen, Jabez. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 9, 1778; discharged July 6, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 days, 
at Cambridge. 

Allen, Jabez. Private, Capt. Jacob Lovell's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 10 
days, on an alarm at Bedford and Dartmouth in Sept., 1778. 

Allen, Jabez. Private, Capt. John Fuller's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (14th) regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 

Allen, Jabez, Barnstable. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Barnstable; arrived at 
Springfield June 20, 1780; marched to camp July 20, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Benjamin Warren ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of 
Barnstable for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 14, 
1780; discharged Jan. 22, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 23 days 

Allen, Jack, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Gershom Nelson's (2d Mendon) co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 13, 1778; 
residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Mention; joined Capt. Allen's CO., Col. 
Alden's (also given Allen's) regt.; enlistment to expire Sept., 1780; return made 
to Col. Moses Wheelock. 

Allen, Jacob, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford ; service, 3 days. 

Allen, Jacob, Easton. Private, Capt. Macy Williams's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Allen, Jacob. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Prospect 
Hill, July 16, 1775, under Col. Loammi Baldwin. 

Allen, Jacob, Cape Ann. Capt. John Row's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Caml^ridge, June 28, 1775; also, Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 3, 1775; service, 2 mos. 3 da.ys; also, com- 
panj' return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Allen, Jacob, Danvers (also given Salem). Capt. Gideon Foster's co.. Col. John 
Mansfield's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 4, 1775; also. 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos.; 
also, Capt. Baker's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; also, Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. Moses French's co., Col. Joseph Palmer's regt.; en- 
listed March 4, 1776; discharged March 19, 1776; service, 15 days; company 
reported to have asseml)led at Braintree ; also, Capt. French's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Bass's regt.; service, 4 days; company reported to have assembled at Braintree, 
June 13, 1776, upon orders to march to Hough's Neck, and June 24, 1776, upon 
orders to march to Nantasket. 

Allen, Jacob, Bridgewater. Sergeant, Capt. Robert Orr's co., Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Lieuten- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 155 

Allkx, Jacob, continued. 

ant, Capt. James Allen's co., Col. John Bailey's (later Gen. Thomas's) regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1773; service, 3 mos. 8 days; 
commissioned May 19, 1775; also, company return dated Koxljury, Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, Captain, Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 19, 1777; reported killed Sept. 19, 1777. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joseph Sibley's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; en- 
listed July 8, 1777; discharged Jan. 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 2.3 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; roll dated Providence; also, pay roll for July, 1777, dated North 
Kingston; also, return of men dated Sturbridge, Aug. 31, 1783. 

Allex, Jacob. Private, Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co., Col. Ephraim Sawyer's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 25 days; marched to re- 
inforce Northern army. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. James Hills's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; list of men 
in service at Bristol for 3 months from Dec. 28, 1776; also, Capt. Hills's co.. Col. 
Williams's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo., 
at Tiverton, R. I. Roll sworn to at Rehoboth. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co.. Col. John Holman's regt. ; return 
of men in service for 21 days at Providence, R. I., dated June 22, 1778; also, 
Capt. Putnam's co., Col. Wade's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted June 21, 1778; 
discharged July 17, 1778; service, 26 days; marched to join Gen. Sullivan at 
Providence, R. I. Roll dated Sutton. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. 
Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted July 25, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 9, 1778 ; ser\ice, 1 mo. 16 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jacob, Danvers. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Caleb Low's (2d) co., dated Feb. 14, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; 
enlisted April 11, 1778 ; discharged May 23, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Castle 
Island. 

Allen, Jacob. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
enlisted March 16, 1779 ; discharged April 12, 1779 ; service, 28 days, at Rowland's 
Ferry. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light In- 
fantry) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1779; discharged Jan. 31, 1780; service, 6 mos. 26 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jacob, Lancaster. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Lancaster; arrived at Spring- 
field July 29, 1780; marched to camp July 31, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Greenleaf ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Lancaster for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 29, 1780 ; discharged 
Dec. 15, 1780; service, 4 mos. 16 days, at West Point. 

Allen, Jacob. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Gary's regt. ; en- 
listed July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jacob (also given Jacob, Jr.). Private, Capt. Benjamin Allton's co., Col. John 
Rand's regt.; enlisted July 9, 1780; discharged Oct. 10. 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, order for wages dated Stur- 
bridge, March 28, 1782. 



156 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Allen, Jacob, Jsorton (also given Taunton and Raynham). Private, Capt. Silas 
Cobb's CO., Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 days; also, compaiij' return dated Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, 4th CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (Uth) regt. ; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from March 8, 1777, to April 8, 1779; reported deserted April 8, 
1779; returned June 15, 1780; also, Capt. James Cooper's co.. Col. Bradford's 
regt. ; pay abstract for subsistence from date of enlistment, March 8, 1777, to time 
of arrival at Bennington; also, muster return dated P'eb. 1, 1778; reported on 
command in Northern department; also, Capt. Cooper's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, muster roll for Oct. -Dec, 1780, dated Hutts near West Point; reported on 
command with Gen. Patterson; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 
20, 1782; birthplace, Norton; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, 
dark; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Raynham; mustered l)y Capt. 
Redding; enlisted 1779; joined Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for Sept., 1781; reported on duty as wagoner; also, 
muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Ilutts; reported taken prisoner 
Oct. 17, 1781, at Croton River; exchanged June 20, 1782; also. Corporal, Capt. 
King's CO.; furloughed liy Gen. Paterson to go from New Windsor to Norton, 
Dec. IG, 1782, for 52 days; overstaj-ed 19 days on account of lameness; also, list 
of men discharged from Col. Brooks's regt. ; discharged June 8, 1783, by Gen. 
Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Allen, Jacob, Bridgewater. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; age, 
18}TS. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, lirown ; occupation, laborer 
(also given farmer) ; residence, Bridgewater; enlisted Jan. 25, 1781 ; joined Capt. 
Eliphalet Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; 
also, Private, Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for April 
and Maj-, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster roll for June, 1781 ; also, muster 
roll for July, 1781, dated Phillipsburg; also, muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781, 
dated Peekskill; reported promoted to Corporal, Sept. 1, 1781; also, muster rolls 
for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts ; also, list of men furloughed ; leave 
given by Col. Jackson to go from Windsor to Bridgewater, March 26, 1783, for 
20 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's (8th) co., 4th regt.; muster 
rolls for May-Sept., 1783 ; reported promoted from Corporal, June 10, 1783. 

Allen, Jacob, Gloucester. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] . 

Allen, Jacob, Jr., Bridgewater. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Alden's (9th) co., Col. Mitchell's (3d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 20, 
1778; joined Cay)t. Jacob Allen's co., Col. John Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years or during war; age, 14 yrs.; also, Fifer, 3d co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Oct. 29, 1777; re- 
ported discharged Oct. 29, 1777; also, list of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by 
James Hatch, Muster Master ; Col. Jacobs's regt. ; mustered July 8, 1779 ; enlisted 
by Capt. Fuller. 

Allen, Jacuves. List of i)risoners discharged from British sloop " Hunter " into cartel 
" Silver Eel," by order of Sir George Collier; reported confined in Halifax prison. 

Allen, James, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days. 

Allen, James, Manchester. Private, Capt. Joseph Whipple's co. ; enlisted July 13, 
1775 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 6 mos. 3 days ; company raised in Essex 
Co. ; stationed at Manchester and Gloucester. 

Allen, James. Capt. Jonathan Nowell's co.. Col. James Scammon's regt.; order for 
bount}- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. IG, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 157 

Allen, James. Drummer, Capt. David Kingman's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's re^.; 
service, 6 days, on an alarm at Squantuin in March, 1776; also, Capt. Nathan 
Alden's co., under command of Lieut. John Whitman, Col. Edward Mitchell's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen. James. Private, Capt. Daniel Warner's (1st) co. ; enlisted Maj' 31, 1776; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1776; stationed at Gloucester. 

Allen, James, Bridgewater. Drummer, Capt. Al)iel Peirce's CO., Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Nov., 1776. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; service, 4 days, lietween Dec. 8, 1776, and Dec. 24, 1776, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched from Rehohoth to Bristol, R. I.; also, list of men at 
Obdik ( ? ), New Town, for 1 month, dated July 20, 1777. 

Allen, James. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Bos- 
ton, Jan. 19, 1777 ; Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Miller's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt. ; 
service, 2 mos. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Providence, 
R. I., May, 1777. 

Allen, James. Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt. ; enlisted 
/' May 3, 1777; service, 2 mos. 3 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 2 months. 

Allen, James. Capt. Nathan Alden's co.. Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; order for wages 
for 3 months service at Bristol, R. I., dated March 7, 1777. 

Allen, James, Becket (also given Hartwood). Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. 
Paterson's regt., which marched April 23, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 13 days; also, Capt. Thomas Williams's co.. Col. 
Paterson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj" 5, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4r days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Dec. 23, 1775; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Peter Porter's co., 
3d Berkshire Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777 ; joined Capt. Ashley's co., Col. Yose's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, James, Washington. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. George Sloan's co. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Ashley's co.. Col. Vose's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Jajies. Private, Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Oct. 3, 1777 ; reported 
deceased Oct. 3, 1777; marched to Peekskill on or before Aug. 16, 1777. 

Allen, James, Boston. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wallcut's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt.; enlisted Jan. 18, 1777; pay roll for rations made up for 19 days to 
time of arrival at Bennington; also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Marshall's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 5, 1777, to Aug. 5, 1777 ; 
reported killed by the Indians Aug. 5, 1777. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dedham. 

Allen, Jajies. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Snow's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
24, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedition. 
Roll sworn to at Plvmouth. 



158 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, James. Serjeant, Capt. Thomas Bratrdon's co., (late) Col. Storer's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. U, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 123 days, with Northern 
army ; discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. John Daggett's regt.; enlisted 
Feb. 0, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 1 mo. 21 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; stationed at Warwick, R. I. Roll sworn 
to at Swanzey. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Mark Pool's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
pay abstract for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to April 5, 1778, at Charlestown 
and Cambridge; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter Hill. 

Allen, James. Capt. Moses Adams's co.. Col. Elcazer Brooks's regt. of guards; re- 
ceipt for travel allowance dated Medway ; service at Cambridge from Nov. 3, 1777, 
to April 3, 1778; also, Private, Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
muster roll for Nov., 1777 ; also, list of men enlisted to serve at Boston until Jan. 
1, 1779, dated Sept. 23, 1778; also, order for wages for service at Rhode Island, 
dated Medway, June 1, 1779. 

Allen, Jasies. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. between Jan. 20, 1777, and 
June 1, 1778, by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master ; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war. 

Allen, James. Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. Col. Hawes's regt.; enlisted Aug. 4, 1778; 
discharged Aug. 26, 1778 ; service, 22 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, James, New Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathan Merrill's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Mitchell's (Cumberland Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 
1779; service, 2 mos. 17 days, on expedition to Penobscot. 

Allen, Jasies. List of men on board the ship " Jason," commanded by Capt. Simon 
Forrester, dated June 15, 1780. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's regt.; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged Jul}' 31, 1780; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, James, Stoughton. Private, Capt. William Briggs's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 
days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775; also, Capt. James 
Endicott's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted March 20, 1778 ; discharged 
April 5, 1778 ; service, 18 days ; marched to Roxbury ; also, descriptive list, dated 
Dorchester, June 29, 1778, of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 1778; Capt. Swan's 
CO., Col. Gill's regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; hair, black; eyes, dark; 
nationality, American ; occupation, husbandman ; residence, Stoughton ; con- 
ducted to camp by Sergt. Elkanah Ilixson; also, Maj. Daniel Wliiting's co.. 
Col. Ichabod Alden's (6th) I'egt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Cherry Valley; enlisted June 14, 1778; discharged March 14, 1779; service, 9 
mos. ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reniforce Continental Army for the 
term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 
ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; also, list of men 
raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having 
passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 
6 months men raised by the town of Stoughton for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; discharged Dec. 5, 1780; service, 5 
mos. 11 days. 

Allen, James. Private, Capt. Raymond De Guiscard's co.. Col. Turner's regt.; en- 
listed July 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 27, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 9 daj's, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 5 months. Roll dated Boston. 



m THE WAR OF THE KEVOLUTION. 159 

Allen, J.vmks. Receipt for bounty paid him by a committee for the town of Boston, 
to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated April 1, 1782. 

Allen, James, Concord. Private, Capt. Philip Thomas's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay abstract for rations from April 10, 1776, to June 2, 1776 ; also, Colonel's 
CO., Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 
1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas's co., Col. Marshall's regt.; muster 
rolls for Jan. and April, 1779, dated West Point; enlistment, 3 years; also, 
Colonel's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported invalid and transferred to Capt. 
McFarland's invalid corps, Dec. 22, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated West Point, Jan. 11, 1781; age, 54 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, 
light; hair, light; enlisted Oct. 21, 1779, by Capt. Parks; joined Capt. William 
Parks's co.. Col. Benjauiin Tupper's (lOtli) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, 
list of pensioners made up to Dec. 31, 1787 ; Capt. Hill's (invalid) co. ; pensioned 
Jan. 6, 1783 ; age, 61 yrs. 

Allen, James. Seaman, sloop " Providence," commanded by Capt. H. Hacker; list 
of men entitled to prize shares in the " Mellish " and " Active." 

Allen, James, Jr., Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co.. Col. Joseph 
Otis's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; ser- 
vice, 2 days. 

Allen, James, Jr., Bridgewater. Lieutenant, Capt. Nathan Mitchell's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also. Captain, Col. 
John Bailey's (later Gen. Thomas's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 1 day; commissioned May 19, 1775; 
also, returns dated Camp at Roxbury, June 11, 1775, and Aug. 3, 1775; also, 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 6th co.. Col. John Thomas's 
(3d Plymouth Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned March 
23, 1776; also. Col. Simeon Carj''s regt.; pay abstract for rations dated Camp 
near New York, Aug. 9, 1776; also, receipt for travel allowance dated Camp 
Chelsea, Aug. 20, 1776; also, receipt for wages for service from Oct. 1 to Dec. 12, 
1776, dated Cortlandt Manor; also, Maj. Eliphalet Gary's regt. ; service, 23 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Bristol, R. I. ; roll dated April 19, 
1777; also, Maj. Cary's regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Japhet, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Robert Orr's co.. Col. John Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. 
Abram Washljurn's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1776; ser- 
vice, 59^ days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Newjwrt, R. I. ; also, 
Capt. David Kingman's co.. Col. Edward Mitchel's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 18, 1776; service, 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Arm}- from Capt. Kingman's co., 3d 
Plymouth Co. regt., dated May 15, 1777; joined Capt. Jacob Allen's co., Col. 
John Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; age, 27 yrs. ; also, 3d co., Col. Bailey's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported discharged Dec. 16, 1779; also, return dated Camp at Valley 
Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Allen, Jason, Western. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co., Col. David Brewer's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 18, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 19 days ; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776 ; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; reported promoted to Corporal, Nov. 10, 1776; re-enlisted in Capt. 
Danforth's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt., Nov. 15, 1776, but to serve in Col. 
Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 1776; also, list of men mustered in Worcester 
Co. by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; Capt. Danforth's co., Col. Wiggles- 



160 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Allen, Jason, continued. 

worth's regt. ; mustered March 6, 1777; enlistment, during war; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Joseph Cutler's co.. Col. Con- 
verse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt. ; enlisted for town of Western (also given 
Brookfield) ; joined Capt. Davis's or Capt. Porter's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years ; also, (late) Capt. Israel Davis's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; return dated Sept. 15, 1777 ; reported deceased. 

Allen, Jedediak. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Curtis's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchel's 
regt.; enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; 8er\ice, 2 mos. 18 days, 
on expedition to Penobscot. Roll dated Harpswell. 

Allen, Jeremiah, Billerica. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Allen, Jeremiah, Manchester. Capt. Hart's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July, 1775; also. Private; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; eulisted May 15, 1775; service, 77 days; also, Capt. John 
Wiley's co.. Col. Sargent's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dec. 13, 1775. 

Allen, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Reuben Petty's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 19, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Allen, Jeremiah, Boston. List of men belonging to an Independent co. formed at 
Boston, dated Dec. 7, 1776; also, Quartermaster, Gen. Hancock's Boston Inde- 
pendent co., commanded by Lieut. Col. Henry Jackson; enlisted April 15, 1777; 
discharged May 5, 1777 ; service, 21 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; en- 
listed May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days ; marched to 
Ticonderoga. 

Allen, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsniore's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 5, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 4 days, in 
Northern army. 

Allen, Jeremiah, Greenfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continen- 
tal Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
49 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; arrived at Springfield July 31, 
1780; marched to camp July 31, 1780, under command of Capt. Greenleaf ; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
• as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, 
paj' roil for G months men raised by the town of Greenfield for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched Jidy 30, 1780; discharged Nov. 16, 
1780 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days. 

Allen, Jeremiah, Providence, 11. I. (also given Williamstown and Prudence Island). 
Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan., 1781; age, 15 (also given 17) yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; rank, 
Drummer; enlisted by Lieut. Story at Williamstown, June 10, 1778; joined 
Capt. Story's (5th) co., Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt. ; enlistment, during 
war; also. Private, Capt. Ephraim Cleveland's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779 
credited to town of Williamstown ; also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 
reported as serving 5 mos. as Private, 7 mos. as Drummer. 

Axlbn, Jesse, Holden. Private, Maj. Paul Raymond's co., 1st Worcester Co. regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 8^ days; 
also, Capt. Renjaniin Richardson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt.; pay alistract for travel 
allowance to Dorchester Heights, dated Nov. 28, 1776 ; service, 3 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 161 

Allex, Jesse. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co., Col. James Converse's regt. ; en- 
listed July 2;3, 1777; dischar^jed July 26, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 20, 1777, to Aug. 23, 1777, 5 
days; marched on an alarm to Bennington. 

Allex, Jesse, Western or Oakham. Private, Capt. Joseph Cutler's co. of volunteers ; 
enlisted Sept. 24, 1777 ; service, 24 days ; marched to join Gen. Gates at the North- 
ward. 

Allex, Jethro, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Daniel Egery's co., which marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Allex, Jethro. Private, Lieut. Nathaniel Pope's co. (later under command of Lieut. 
Joseph Damorr) , Col. John Hathaway's (2d Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 
1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; ser\'ice, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allex, Jethro, Dorchester. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1781 ; also, Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; retiims of men in service from Aug. 18, 1781, to Aug. 
25, 1782; reported deserted Aug. 25, 1782. 

Allex, Jo. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Boston, 
Feb. 2, 1777 ; Col. Ebenezer Stevens's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allex, Jo, Jr. Capt. Carpenter's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt.. Gen. John Fellows's 
brigade; list of men at AVhite Plains and New York for 5 months; dismissed 
Dec. 1, 1776. 

Allex, Joab. Capt. John Baker's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at "Winter Hill, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Allen, Job. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co. ; enlisted July 20, 1775 ; service, 5 
mos. 14 days. 

Allex, Job, New Gloucester. Receipt for bounty paid him by selectmen of New 
Gloucester to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Feb. 

20, 1781 ; also. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated "West Point; enlisted Feb. 20, 1781; en- 
listment, 3 years; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Camp near 
Dobbs's Ferry; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill; also, 
muster rolls for Sept., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated "West Point ; also, muster rolls for 
March, 1782-Jan., 1783. 

Allen, Joel. Conductor, Col. Cheever's regt. [year not given] . 

Allen, Joel, Greenfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men returned by Maj. David 
Dickinson at Deerfield, July 24, 1780; 3d or 10th co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt.; 
age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; complexion, dark; liair, brown; eyes, dark; 
joined Capt. Isaac Newton's co. ; enlistment, 3 months ; also. Private, Capt. 
Newton's co., Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service 3 mos. 7 days ; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Allen', John, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Elijah Pond's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; ser\ice, 4 days. 

Allex, John, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Daniel Egery's co., which marched April 

21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Allen, John, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's and Capt. Isaac Burr's 
CO., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Allex, Joiix. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co. ; enlisted July 20, 1775 ; service, 
5 mos. 14 days. 



162 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, John, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Joseph Roliy's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, ITT'i; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 8 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 177")] ; ape, 24 yrs. ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775. 

Allen, John, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Hart's co.. 
Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
17, 1775; service, 75 days; also, Capt. John Wiley's co.. Col. Sargent's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 13, 1775. 

Allen, John, Medway. Private, Capt. Samuel Cobb's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; 
also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Allen, John, Manchester. Private, Capt. Joseph Whipple's co. ; enlisted July 13, 
1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 3 days; company raised in Essex 
Co., and stationed at Manchester and Gloucester. 

Allen, John, Marblehead. Capt. Curtis's co.. Col. John Glover's regt.; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Sergeant, Capt. John Glover's 
CO., Col. Glover'sregt. ; musterroU dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 27, 1775; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 9 days; also, company return [probal)ly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Marblehead, Jan. 8, 1776. 

Allen, John, Medfield. List of men enrolled on alarm list, June 10, 1776. 

Allen, John, Easton. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay rolls for service from June 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; enlisted Jan. 9, 1776 ; pay abstracts for Feb., March and April, 1776 ; also, 
pay abstracts for May and June, 1776, dated New York. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; enlisted Jan. 19, 1776; 
discharged July 27, 1776 ; stationed at Gloucester ; reported enlisted on a privateer. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; payroll for service from June 1, 
1776, to Ai:g. 31, 1776, 3 mos.; stationed at Elizabeth Islands; also, Capt. Gran- 
nis's CO., commanded by Lieut. James Blossom; pay roll for service from Sept. 
1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 2 mos. 21 days; stationed at Elizabeth Islands. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Tobias Lord's co. ; enlisted May 31, 1776; discharged 
Nov. 25, 1776; stationed at Falmouth. 

Allen, John, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co., Col. Dyke's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester home, dated Nov. 20, 1776 ; 
also, pay abstract for gun and blanket money dated Dorchester, Nov. 30, 1776. 

Allen, John. Receipt for wages from Oct. 1, 1776, to Dec. 12, 1776, dated Cortlandt 
Manor, Dec. 3, 1776; received of Col. Simeon Cary. 

Allen, John, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Job Peirce's co., Col. Sprout's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 9, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 16, 1776 ; service, 7 days, on an alarm at 
Rowland's Ferry, R. I. ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, John. Seaman, sloop " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk ; en- 
gaged July 1, 1776; discharged Feb. 17, 1777. 

Allen, John, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Leonard's 
regt.; enlisted Feb. 24, 1777; discharged April 10, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days; 
also, Capt. Childs's CO., Col. David Field's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; dis- 
charged Aug. 18, 1777 ; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 163 

Allen, John. Lieutenant, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., Col. John Ilathaway's 
regt. ; enlisted April 21, 1777; discharged Maj' 14, 1777; service, 23 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, John, Dudley. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Nathaniel Ilealey's (2d) co., Col. Jonathan Holman's regt., dated Jan. 13, 1778; 
joined Capt. Coburn's Co., Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, during war; also, 
Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 10, 1777, to July 1, 1777; reported deserted. 

Allen, John. Petition requesting that said Allen be appointed 2d Lieutenant of the 
schooner " Hawke," commanded by Capt. Jeremiah Hibbert; commissioned June 
18, 1777. 

Allen, John, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Con- 
vers's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777 ; service, 22 days ; marched to join Gen. 
Gates's army. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; also, return of men for travel allowance from Rhode 
Island to Dartmouth, Sept. 1, 1777; also, Capt. Kempton's co., Col. Freeman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island; 
reported deserted. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.. Gen, 
Palmer's brigade ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; ser\ice, 24 days, on a secret expedition 
to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Morgan's co., Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, on an expedition 
to the Northward. 

Allen, John, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance to and from camp, dated Nov., 1776; service at 
Dorchester Heights ; also, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 28, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 1, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Philip Thomas's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; pay 
abstract for rations, etc., made up to Feb. 6, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 30, 1776 ; marched 
from Boston to Bennington ; also, return for clothing in 1777 ; reported trans- 
ferred. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co., detached from Hampshire and 
Worcester counties to guard stores and magazines at Brookfield and Springfield ; 
enlisted Jan. 4, 1778; discharged July 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 27 days. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Silas Goodrich's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day; 
marched by order of Gen. Gates ; also, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's 
regt.; enlisted June 4, 1778; discharged July 1.5, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days; 
ordered to Albany by Gen. Fellows. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co.. Col. John Dagget's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; also, Corporal ; warrant to pay officers and men for service at 
Rhode Island in Aug. and Sept., 1778, dated Feb. 12, 1783. 

Allen, John, Rehoboth. Sergeant, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co.. Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 8 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Cajit. Stephen Bul- 
lock's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 10, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



164: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS A^'D SAILORS 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Whiting's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; en- 
listed July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 6 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Allex, John*. Seaman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; en- 
gaged May 1.5, 1779. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Jones's co.. Col. William Jones's regt. ; enlisted 
June 29, 1779; discharged July 16, 1779; service, 17 days, at Camden. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Roswell Downing's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 19, 1779; discharged Aug. 23, 1779; service, 

I mo. 8i days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. James AValsworth's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 27, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 

II days, at New London, Conn. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. David Field's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days; marched to the North- 
ward by order of Gen. Gates; dismissed by Gen. Lincoln; roll sworn to at 
Boston ; also, Capt. Dinsmore's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days, with Northern 
army; also, Capt. Dinsmore's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at New 
London, Conn. 

Allen, John. Quarter Gunner, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; nationality, Irish; engaged May 14, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 6, 1779; service, 3 mos. 24 days. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Archibald Mc.\llister's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 11, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 13 days, on an 
expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co., Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, John, Harwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Abijah Bangs's co., 2d Barnstable Co. regt., dated Feb. 24, 1778 ; joined Capt. 
George Webb's co., Col. William Shepard's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to expire 
in 1780; also, Private, Capt. Webb's (3d) co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Fel). 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as 
serving 21 mos. as Private, 13 mos. 29 days as Corporal ; also, muster roll for 
Oct., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; reported on furlough; also, muster roll 
dated Providence, May ."), 1779; also. Corporal, Capt. David Holel)rook's co.. 
Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Feb. 2, 1780. 

Allen, John, Hatfield (also given Chesterfield and Belchertown). Return of men en- 
listed into Continental Army from Capt. Seth Murray's co.. Col. Pomeroy's regt. ; 
joined Capt. Day's or Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 years 
or during war; also, Capt. Day's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 22, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Ca])t. Asa Coburn's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; return dated 
Cherry Valley, Feb. 24, 1779; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Fort Harkimer; enlisted May 1, 1777; also, Capt. Coburn's co., Col. Brooks's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 22, 
1780. 

Allen, John, Norton. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Silas Cobb's co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, Capt. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 165 

Allen", John, continited. 

Isaac Hodges's (2d) co.. Col. John Daggett's (4th Bristol Co.) regt. ; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia; commissioned March 21, 1776; also, Capt. Cobb's co., Col. 
Danforth Keyes's regt.; enlisted June 27, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo., on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, pay roll for the month of Dec, 
1777; service on an alarm at Rhode Island; also. Captain, 2d co , Col. Isaac 
Dean's (4th Bristol Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
July .31, 1779; also, Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 
1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. John Metcalf's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th SufiFolk Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Job Cook's (16th) co., Col. Hathaway's (2d Bristol Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 7, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 2 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dartmouth. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. John Blunt's co. ; service, 2 mos. 27 days, between 
March 6, 1780, and Sept. 6, 1780; company raised for defence of eastern Massa- 
chusetts, under command of Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. William White's co., (late) Col. Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 3 mos. 1.5 
days, at Stone Arabia, N. Y. 

Allen, John, Northbridge. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas New- 
hall, Muster Master; mustered July 21, 1779; Capt. Batcheller's co.. Col. Tyler's 
regt.; enlistment, 9 months; also, Capt. Leonard's co. ; enlisted July 30, 1779; 
discharged April 30, 1780; enlistment, 9 months; also, descriptive list of men 
raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to 
resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; 
arrived at Springfield, July 6, 1780 ; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under com- 
mand of Lieut. Taylor of the 2d Mass. regt. ; also, list of men raised for the 6 
'months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in 
a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2.5, 1780. 

Allen, John. Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 
27, 1780; service, 2 days, on an alarm. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Simonds's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 
27, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos., at Rhode Island; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, John, Connecticut. Quartermaster, ship " Deane," commanded by Capt. 
Elisha Hinman; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Dec. 9, 1780; age, 21 
yrs.; complexion, light; residence, Connecticut. 

Allen, John, Rehoboth. Sergeant, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 9, 1777 ; roll made up for rations to April 30, 1777 ; 
also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Thomas Turner's co., Col. Bradford's 
regt.; return of men in service on or before Aug. 1.5, 1777, dated April 2, 1779; 
also, muster roll dated Jan. 1,5, 1778; reported sick in hospital; also, Capt. Red- 
ding's CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Allen, John. Private, Capt. Charles Parsons's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war ; reported sick at Alban}-. 



166 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allex, John-. Private, dipt. Leonard Bleeker's (Lisht Infantry) co., Col. Goose 
Van Schaick's (1st New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated 
West roint ; enlistment, during war ; reported waiter to Col. William Van Dyck 
at Saratoga. 

Allen, John, Greenfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Greenfield; enlisted May 21, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, John, Grafton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wright's co.. Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; marched July 29, 1781 ; arrived at camp Aug. 4, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 3, 
1781 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days, at West Point. 

Allen, John, Adams. Corporal, Capt. Levi Brown's co., Col. Asa Barns's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 30, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 9 days, 
on an alarm ; marched to join Gen. Stark at Saratoga. 

Allen, John, Falmouth (also given New Casco). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt.; enlistment, 
3 years; also, Private, Capt. George White's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
enlisted Dec. 15, 1770; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; re- 
ported on command at the Lines; also, Corporal, Capt. Page's co., Col. Tupper's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; 
complexion, dark; hair, dark; residence, Falmouth; enlisted April 26, 1779, by 
Capt. White ; joined Capt. Daniel Lunt's co., 10th regt. ; enlistment, during war; 
also, pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783; reported reduced to 
Private, Nov. 15, 1782. 

Allen, John, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
5 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Rehoboth; 
enlisted Feb. 4, 1777 ; joined Capt. Hastings's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., 
Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 
Nov. and Dec, 1781, dated York Hutts; also, list of men court-martialled ; tried 
March 16, 1782 (or 3), by regimental court-martial, Capt. Mills, President; 
charged with neglect of duty and found not guilty; also, list of men discharged 
from Col. Brooks's regt. ; discharged June 8, 1783, by Gen. Washington, enlist- 
ment having expired. 

Allen, John. Colonel ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Sept. 16, 
1777, to May 1, 1781 ; service at Machias. 

Allen, John. Seaman, sloop "Winthrop;" engaged March 22 [year not given]; 
enlistment, 6 months. 

Allen, John, West Stockbridge. Return of men enlisted into Continental Arm.y from 
Capt. Increase Hewins's co. ; joined Capt. Cochran's co. ; enlisted into York 
service. 

Allen, John, Jr., Rochester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's (2d) co., which 
marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; 
service, 4 days. 

Allen, John, Jr., Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Jonathan Fisk's co.. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 9, 1776; service, 5 days, 
at Dorchester Heights. 

Allen, John, 2d. Private, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; pay rolls for service 
from June 1, 1776, to Nov. 18, 1776; stationed at Gloucester. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 167 

Allen, John, 3d, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Natlianiel Carpenter's and Capt. Isaac 
Burr's CO., which marched on the alarm of Ai)ril 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, 
Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's rejrt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 177G ; 
discharged Dec. 20, 1776 ; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched 
to Bristol, R. I 

Allen, John, 4th, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co., Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 14, 1776; sers-ice, 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Allen, John Dix. Private, Capt. Thompson J. Skinner's co., Col. Asa Barnes's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Nov. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 10, 1781; service, 
10 days ; marcTied on an alarm to the western frontiers by order of Gen. Stark. 

Allen, Jonas. Captain in charge of guard detail ; list of men returned as serving on 
main guard at Cambridge, May 15, 1775, under Maj. Baldwin. 

Allen, Jonas, Roj'alston. Captain, Col. Doolittle's regt. ; marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775; service, 1 mo. 4 days; also, Lieutenant, Capt. Abel Wilder's co., 
Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 20, 
1775 ; service, 2 mos. 16 daj's ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; commis- 
sioned June 12, 1775. 

Allen, Jonas, Sutton. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co., Col. Ebenezer Larned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, Capt. 
Benjamin Richardson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance 
to Dorchester Heights, dated Nov. 28, 1776; credited with 2 days allowance; 
also, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's CO., Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for service at 
Boston, March, 1777; reported marched to Roxburj- in Aug., 1776. 

Allen, Jonas. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 17 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jonas, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. David Pixley's co., Col. John Brown's 
regt. ; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 19, 1777; service, 20 days, in North- 
ern department ; also, Capt. Ebenezer Cook's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 7, 1777 ; service, 17 days ; also, 
Capt. Ambrose Hill's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; en- 
listed July 18, 1779; discharged Aug. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New 
Haven, Conn. 

Allen, Jonathan, Northampton. Captain, Gen. Pomeroy's regt. ; marched April 20, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted 
into the army April 27, 1775 ; also. Col. John Fellows's regt. ; list of officers dated 
Roxbury Camp, May 31, 1775; commissioned June 7, 1775; also, list of officers 
dated Camp at Roxbury, May 23, 1775; also, pay abstract for provisions dated 
Roxbury, July 3, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 4 days; also, company retinn dated Dorchester, 
Oct. 7, 1775. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., under command of Lieut. John 
Whitman, Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 
24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Lovell's (Independent) co., drafted from 4th 
regt. ; pay abstract for 22 days service at Warwick, R. I., Dec. 29, 1776. Roll 
dated Med way. 

Allen, Jonathan, New Marlborough. Private, Capt. Caleb Wright's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 1 mo. 3 days. 



168 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Jonathan, Salem. Capt. Ebenezer AVinship's co.. Col. Joliii Nixon's regt. ; 
receipt for advance paj- dated Cainbridj^e, June 10, 1775; also, Trivate; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Sept. 30, 1775; reported went to Canada. 

Allen, Jonathan, New Marlborough. Private, Capt. Moses Soul's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt., wliich marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, from Sandistield and New Marlborough; service, 17 days; also, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775; reported enlisted April 21, 1775; a/so, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov, 1, 1775. 

Allen, Jonathan. Adjutant; list of men belonging to town of Cambridge credited 
with one turn of service in the Northern de])artnient, dated Juh' 8, 1776; also, 
record in Col. WJieelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, Ticonderoga, Aug. 
30, 1776, stating that said Allen was Adjutant in Col. "Wheelock's regt. and was 
promoted ; also, return of officers in Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt., dated Ticon- 
deroga, Oct. 12, 1776; reported absent in the fleet Ijy General's leave from Sept. 2, 
1776, and to remain until discharged ; also, Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to June 7, 1778; reported 
discharged June 7, 1778. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Ilehoboth to Bristol, R. I.; also, Capt. 
Carpenter's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt.; enlisted April 21, 1777; discharged 
May 14, 1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Tiv- 
erton, R. I. 

Allen, Jonathan, Medfield. I'rivate, Capt. Ephraim Chenerj-'s co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, list of 
men enrolled on alarm list taken to June 10, 1776 ; age, 50 yrs. ; also, list of men 
who received monej* for " turns done in last wars in the days of Capt. Morse the 
1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 1776; also, list of men drafted to rein- 
force Continental Army, agreeable to a warrant issued May 8, 1777, by Lieut. 
Baxter ; paid money in lieu of service ; also, list of men who marched to Rhode 
Island on the alarm of July 22, 1777 ; also, list of men who went on a secret expe- 
dition to Rhode Island for 30 days from Oct. 1, 1777, agreeable to a warrant 
issued by Col. Ilawes, Sept. 25, 1777; reported drafted; also, Capt. Ezekiel 
I'limpton's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 
1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Peleg I'eck's co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; nuirched on a secret exjjedition under Maj. Gen. Spencer; sta- 
tioned at Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Josiah WiUier's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt., 
commanded bj- Maj. Daniel Clapp; enlisted July 4, 1778; discharged July 13, 
1778; service, 9 days, at Rutland barracks. Roll dated Temi)leton. 

Allen, Jonathan, Bridgewater. Corporal, Capt. Robert Orr's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, En- 
sign, Capt. John Packard's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt. ; commissioned June 17, 
1775 ; reported in camp at Roxbury ; also, company return dated Roxburj', Oct. 7, 
1775; also. Lieutenant, Col. John Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1778; reported resigned; also, Capt. 
Jacob Allen's (later Adams Bailey's) co. ; return dated Camp at Valley Forge, 
Jan. 24, 1778. 

Allen, Jonatiian. Major; list of field officers of Mass. Line; commissioned May 
17, 1777, and confirmed l)y Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also, Cul. Putnuurs regt.; 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 169 

Allkx, Jonathan, continued. 

chosen Major in place of Ezra Newhall, promoted; commissioned June 12, 1777; 
former rank Captain ; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported killed Jan., 1780; also, list of officers who 
received clothing dated Boston, Xov. 24, 1778. 

Allen, Jonathan, Amherst. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to re- 
solve of June 9, 1779; Capt. Parker's co.. Col. Porter's regt.; age, 19 yrs. ; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 9 in. ; hair, brown ; residence, Amherst ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Adam Kasson's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allen, Jonathan. Surgeon's Mate, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. 
Allen Hallet ; enlisted Jan. 26, 1779 ; discharged April 30, 1779 ; service, 3 mos. 
5 days. 

Allen, Jonathan, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 7 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, 11. I. 

Allen, Jonathan. Private. Capt. Simon Adams's co., Col. John CoUer's regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 20, 1781; service, 12 days; ordered out by 
Col. John Ashley of Gen. Fellows's brigade, on an alarm at the Northward. 

Allen, Jos'h. Acting Lieutenant, sloop " Providence," commanded by Capt. H. 
Hacker; list of men entitled to prize shares in the brigs " Mellish " and " Active " 
[year not given] . 

Allen, Jos., Northfield or "Warwick. Private, Capt. Eldad Wright's co.. Col. Samuel 
Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 23 days. 

Allen, Joseph, Xewbury. Private, Capt. Gideon Woodwell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6 days ; returned home April 
23, 1775. 

Allen, Joseph, Braintree. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Benjamin Lincoln's 
regt., which assembled on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Allen, Joseph, Braintree. Private, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co. ; service, 7 days, 
from April 28 to Maj- 5, 1775. 

Allen, Joseph, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Allen, Joseph. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard, May 11, 
1775, under Maj. Loammi Baldwin. 

Allen, Joseph, Rehoboth. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Bliss's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's (Bristol Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 11 days ; commissioned May 24, 1775 ; also, company return 
dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Allen, Joseph, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Samuel Bliss's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's (Bristol Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 11 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. David Copp's co. ; return of men in service at Pierce's 
Island, Nov. 5, 1775. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Stephen Kent's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 9, 1775 ; stationed at Newlmry ; also, order for wages dated Gloucester, 
Dec. 10, 1775 ; also, order for wages dated Watertown, Dec. 15, 1775. 



170 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel Holbrook's co., Col. Bass's regt. ; enlisted 
June 14, 1776 ; discharged June 16, 1776 ; service, 2 days ; marched from Brain- 
tree (Middle Precinct) to Hough's Neck and Hull. 

Allen, Joseph. Enlistment agreement dated July 2, 1776, signed by said Allen and 
others, engaging tliemselves to march to New York and tc remain in service until 
Dec. 1, 1776, unless sooner discharged. 

Allen, Joseph, Freetown. Capt. Benjamin Read's co.. Col. Pope's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 12, 1776; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Joseph. Receipt for wages for 1 day service in Capt. Squire Millard's co., on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., commanded by Maj. Clapp, 
Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's regt.; enlisted Dec. 17, 1776; discharged March 
20, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days, at the Northward. Roll sworn to at Chester- 
field. 

Allen, Joseph. Capt. Eliakim Smith's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 9, 1773 ; also, Capt. Moses Kellogg's co., Col. 
Ward's regt. ; order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorches- 
ter, Dec. 28, 177") ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Hadley, July 6, 1776. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co.. Col. Joseph Palmer's regt.; ser- 
vice, 15 days, between March 4, 1776, and May 1, 1776, at Dorchester Neck and 
vicinity. 

Allen, Joseph. Captain, 2d co.. Col. Beriah Norton's (Dukes Co.) regt.; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 3, 1776. 

Allen, Josepii. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, on an alarm at Squantum in March, 1776 ; also, Corporal ; en- 
listed Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Joseph. Receipt for wages for 1 day service in Capt. Squire Millard's co., 
on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also, Corporal, Capt. Millard's 
CO., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 4, 1776, to Jan. 9, 
1777, 17 days ; enlisted in K guards ; reported absent without leave. 

Allen, Joseph, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Job Woodljridge's co., under command 
of Maj. Caleb Hyde, Col. Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; 
discharged July 21, 1777; service, 14 days; marched from Stockbridge on the 
evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Allen, Joseph. Lieutenant ; list of prisoners exchanged at port of Halifax by order 
of Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777; taken in snow "Kitty" (privateer), belong- 
ing to Providence. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathan Harwood's co., Col. Jolin Dickinson's regt. ; 
enlisted July 19, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Manchester; marched to join forces under Col. Warner. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Allen, Joseph, Pittsfield. Capt. William Francis's co. ; enlisted Oct. 17, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 4 weeks 2 days; marched to Ticonderoga; also, 
Capt. Francis's co.. Col. John Ashley's regt.; marcJied July 8, 1777; discharged 
Aug. 26, 1777; service, 7 weeks; marched to Fort Edward. 

Allen, Joseph. Private; detachment of volunteers from Berkshire Co. regt. ; marched 
under command of Col. Easton to assist Gen. Stark at Bennington, by order of 
Gen. Lincoln ; enlisted Sept. 3, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 27, 1777 ; service, 24 days. 
Roll sworn to at Boston. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 171 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Stebbins's cc. Col. David Wells's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an expe- 
dition to the Northward. 

Allen, Joseph, Northborough (also given Grafton). Private, Capt. Samuel Wood's 
CO., Gen. Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 
1 mo. 1 day; also, Lieut. Seth Rice's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted Aug. 
21, 1777; discharged Aug. 25, 1777; service, 7 days; called out on an alarm to 
reinforce Northern army ; discharged at Hadley ; also, Capt. Edmund Brigham's 
CO., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; 
service, 2 mos. 27 days, at the Northward; also, receipt for wages dated West- 
borough, July 21, 1778. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Hampshire Co. regt.. Gen. 
Danielson's brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Oct. 31, 1778; service, 4 
mos., under Gen. Stark in Northern department. 

Allen, Joseph, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. 
Keith's CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Joseph, Bradford (also given Falmouth and Methuen). Return of men en- 
listed into Continental Army from Capt. Jones's (2d) co., Essex Co. regt., dated 
Methuen, Fel). 13, 1778; residence, Falmouth; enlisted for town of Methuen; 
joined Capt. Ballard's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to expire Jan. 
1, 1780; also. Private, Capt. William H.Ballard's co.. Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) 
6th regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 4, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; residence, Bradford; credited to town of Methuen; also, muster roll for 
March and April, 1779, dated Cherry Valley ; also, Capt. White's co., Col. Brooks's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 4, 
1780. 

Allen, Joseph, Pittsfield. Capt. Eli Root's co.. Col. Easton's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 4, 
1775 ; discharged Dec. 30, 1775 ; service, 22 weeks 2 days ; marched to Canada ; 
also. Lieutenant, Capt. Root's co. ; list of men who served in Canada from Jan. 1, 

1776, to May 23, 1776, 3 mos. 23 days; also, Lieut. William Ford's co.. Col. David 
Rosseter's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 13, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 
1777 ; service, 7 days, at Bennington ; also, Capt. Rufus Allen's (Artillery) co., 
Col. Rosetter's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 17, 1780 ; service, 3 
days, on an alarm. 

Allen, Joseph. List of men who received Ijounty from the town of Wells for enlisting 
into Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated June 4, 1781. 

Allen, Joseph, Falmouth. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Pride's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's 
(Cumberland Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 25, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 6, 1780 ; service, 
7 mos. 11 days, at the Eastward; enlistment, 8 months; also, Capt. John Reed's 
CO., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; enlisted July 2, 1781; discharged Dec. 1. 1781; 
service, 5 mos., at the Eastward. 

Allen, Joseph, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
John Cushing's (2d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Sept. 1, 1778; residence, Boston; 
enlisted for the town of Scituate; joined Capt. Nathaniel Donnell's co.. Col. John 
Crane's (Artillery) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Matross, Capt. Donnell's 
CO., Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 20, 

1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return dated Greenwich, Nov. 10, 1779; also. Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co. ; enlisted March 14, 1781 ; dis- 
charged March 18, 1781 ; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



172 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Allen, Joseph. Drummer, Capt. Noah Allen's co., Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill; enlisted Sept. 19, 1781; 
enlistment, during war; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York 
Hutts; reported died Oct. 25, 1781. 

Allen, Joseph. Private, Capt. Jonathan Houghton's co., Col. Smith's regt. [year not 
given] . 

Allen, Joseph, rrivate, Capt. Jabez Barney's co. ; marched from Rehoboth, Aug. U, 
and joined regiment at West Point, Aug. 25 [year not, given] ; served for town of 
Swanzey. 

Allen, Joseph. Seaman, sloop " Providence," commanded by Capt. J. P. Rathbum ; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the "Loyalty" and "Wreck" [year not 
given] . 

Allen, Joseph. List of men returned by committee for settling disputes in towns 
as to soldiers credited to them; said Allen claimed by Falmouth; credited to 
Hingham [year not given] . 

Allen, Joseph, 4th, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's and Capt. Isaac 
Burr's co., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, 
Capt. Israel Hix's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; dis- 
charged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched 
from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. John 
Hathaway's regt. ; enlisted April 21, 1777; discharged May 14, 1777; service, 23 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. James 
Hill's CO., Col. Williams's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. .30, 1777; 
service at Tiverton, R. I.; also, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., under command of 
Capt. Samuel Fisher, Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 13, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1779; service, 1 mo., on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Joseph 
Willraarth's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, 
R. I., and there did duty under Gen. Heath. 

Allen, Joseph, 4th. Corporal, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co.. Col. Williams's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo., at Tiverton, 
R. I. Roll dated Rehoboth. 

Allen, Joshua, Rochester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's {2d) co., which 
marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; 
service, 4 days. 

Allen, Joshua. Cajit. John Pain's co. ; list of men stationed at M'inter Hill and Dor- 
chester for 2 months; dismissed April 1, 1776. 

Allen, Joshua, Walpole. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Smith's co.. Col. .lohn Smith's 
regt., whicJi marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, Capt. 
Oliver Clap's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt., commanded by Maj. James 
Metcalf; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 24 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Warwick, R. I. 

Allen, Joshua, Plantation No. 5. Private, Capt. William Ward's co., (late) Col. 
Ezra May's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 22, 
1777; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Allen, Joshua. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt., 
Gen. Palmer's brigade ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; service, 32 days, on a secret expe- 
dition to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Joshua. Private, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th Plym- 
outh Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 10, 1778; service, 5 days, 
on an alarm at Dartmouth. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 173 

Allen, Joshua. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Allen, Joshua. Private, Capt. William Harris's co., Col. Pike's (Cumberland Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 27, 1779; service, 26 days; stationed at Falmouth. 

Allen, Joshua, Gloucester. Descriptive list, dated June 9, 1780, of officers and crew 
of the ship " America," commanded by Capt. John Somes; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 
6 ft. ; residence, Gloucester. 

Allen, Josiah, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Phanuel Bishop's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 6 days. 

Allen, Josiah, Sudbury. Private, Cajjt. Joseph Smith's co., Col. James Barrett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177") ; service, 1 day. 

Allen, Josiah, Manchester. Capt. Joseph Whipple's co. ; muster return dated Man- 
chester, Sept. 19, 177'') ; mustered by Michael Farley, Muster Master ; aho, Private, 
Capt. Whipple's co. ; enlisted July 13, 177"); discharged Dec. 31, 177"); service, G 
mos. 3 days; company raised in Essex Co. and stationed at Manchester and 
Gloucester. 

Allen, Josiah. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, on an alarm at Squantum in March, 1776; also, pay roll for ser- 
vice from Dec. 8, 1776, to Dec. 24, 1776, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Josiah, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; also, list of men in Capt. Nathaniel 
Carpenter's co. ; stationed at Brookline for 6 weeks; dismissed Jan. 15, 1776; 
also, Capt. Jacob Ide's co.. Col. Daggett's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1777; service, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. James 
Hill's CO., Col. John Daggett's regt. ; list of men stationed at Bristol for 3 
months from Dec. 28, 1776 ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 25, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 
5 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Rehol)Oth; service per- 
formed at Bristol and Providence, R. I. ; also, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co., Col. 
John Daggett's regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1778; service, 1 mo. 28 days, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; roll sworn to at Taunton; also, Capt. Willmarth's 
CO., Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1778; discharged Sept. 9, 1778; ser- 
vice, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Jabez Bullock's co.. Col. 
Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1780 ; discharged July 31, 1780 ; service, 5 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. Enoch 
Robinson's co., Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 
8, 1780; service, 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, 
R. I. 

Allex, Josiah, Weston. Matross, Capt. James Swan's (1st) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; enlisted Nov. 1, 1776; service, 1 mo.; roll dated Boston; also, 
Capt. Philip Marett's (1st) co., Col. Crafts's regt.; pay rolls for service from Dec. 
1, 1776, to May 8, 1777 ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 15 days, at Boston ; roll sworn to Nov. 12, 1777. 

Allen, Josiah, AVeston. Private, Capt. Abijah Childs's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; enlistment, 3 years; also, Major's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 1, 1780. 

Allen, Josiah. Lieut. Col. Hull's co., 3d regt.; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged 
April 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Allen, Josiah, Manchester (also given Wenham). Private, Capt. Haffield White's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 



174 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Josiah, continued. 

March 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; 
also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 3, 
1780; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allex, Josi.\h, Jr., Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Allen, Josiah Johnson, Gilford. Private, Capt. Moses Draper's co.. Col. "Wil- 
liam Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Prospect Hill, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Allen, Lemuel, Stockbridge. Corporal, Capt. John Callender's co.. Col. llichard 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 6, 1775 ; 
service, 2 mos. 

Allen, Lemuel. Capt. William Goodrich's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt. ; certificate 
of service in support of an order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
J^an. 19, 1776. 

Allen, Lemuel, Lynn. Sergeant, Capt. David Parker's (1st) co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2 days ; also, 2d Lieutenant, 
Capt. John Pool's (2d) co., 1st Essex Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned April 26, 1776. 

Allen, Lemuel, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Durfee's co.. Col. Pope's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 7, 1776; discharged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Leavis (also given Louis). Drummer, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. 
Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; ser- 
vice, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Reholjoth to Tiverton, 
R. I., and there did duty under Gen. Heath; also, Capt. Samuel Cole's co.. Col. 
Dean's regt. ; enlisted March 7, 1781 ; discharged March 15, 1781, by order of Maj. 
Gen. Lincoln ; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 40 days levies ; also, 
Capt. Elihu Gilford's co.. Col. Turner's regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1781; discharged 
Dec. 1, 1781; service, 3 mos. 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 
5 months ; company raised in Barnstable and Bristol counties. 

Allen, Lewis. Private, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
service, 4 days, between Aug. 1, 1780, and Aug. 8, 1780, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, R. I., and there did duty under 
Gen. Heath; also, Capt. Simeon Cole's co.. Col. Dean's regt.; enlisted March 6, 
1781 ; discharged March 15, 1781, by order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln ; service, 10 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 40 days levies. 

Allen, Lewis, Shrewsburj'. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. [year not given] ; 
Capt. Rice's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Allen, Luther. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
nationality, American; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in.; engaged July 10, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 6, 1779; service, 1 mo. 28 days. 

Allen, Malachi, Bedford. Private, Capt. John Moore's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 18 days ; reported enlisted into tlie army ; also, list 
of men in Col. Baldwin's regt., dated May 1, 1775 ; also, Capt. Benjamin Walker's 
CO., Col. El)enezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted 
May 23, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 14 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Nov. 30, 1775. 

Allen, Malachi. Private, Capt. James Russell's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; 
pay abstract for 5 days service at Dorchester, March 4, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 175 

Allen, Makk, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) 38th regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 177.5; 
service, 10 weeks 1 day ; also, companj' return dated Camp at Chelsea, Oct. 2, 
1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 
27, 1775. 

Allen, Marmadvke, Dartmouth. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. between 
March 22 and March 27, 1777, by James Hatch, Muster Master; Capt. Dunham's 
CO., Col. Bailey's regt.; age, 2-i yrs.; enlistment, 3 years; also, 8th co.. Col. 
Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 22, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Jndah Alden's co., Col. Bailey's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 22, 1780. 

Allen, Marmadvke. Private, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 14, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 7, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised in Middlesex and Suffolk counties to reinforce 
Continental .\rmy. 

Allen, Marmaduke. Private, Capt. Daniel Pilsbury's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt. ; return of men in service from Jan. 1, 1782, to Dec. 31, 1782; reported 
deserted June 18, 1782. 

Allen, Matthew, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Frederick Pope's co.. Col. Paul Dud- 
ley Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 18, 1775; 
service, 14 days ; also, company return [probablj- Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Boston, Xov. 11, 1775. 

Allen, Matthew. Private, Capt. James Allen's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; pay 
abstract for rations dated Camp near New York, Aug. 9, 1776. 

Allen, Matthew. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 24, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedi- 
tion. Roll sworn to at Plymouth. 

Allen, Mattheav. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; enlisted Julj' 25, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 9, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Matthew, 3d. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's 
regt.; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Squantum in March, 1776; also, pay roll 
for service from July 30, 1780, to Aug. 9, 1780, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Mayhew. Prize Master, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George 
Little; engaged Dec. 1, 1782; discharged March 17, 1783; service, 3 mos. 17 days. 

Allen, Micah, Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Tisdale's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days. 

Allen, Micah. Surgeon, Col. John Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 28, 1776 ; discharged 
Nov. 20, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 23 days, at Newport, R. I. ; also, 1st Plymouth Co. 
regt. ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Bristol in Dec, 1776 ; roll dated Plymouth ; 
also. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt. ; enlisted April 29, 1777 ; discharged June 29, 
1777; service, 2 mos. 4 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 2 months. 

Allen, Micah. Private, Lieut. John Dean's co., made up from 3d and 7th companies. 
Col. Daggett's (4th Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 2 days, at Rhode Island, on the 
alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; also, Capt. John Dean's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (4th Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Mansfield. 

Allen, Moses. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 
3 mos. 10 days ; marched to Ticonderoga. 



176 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Moses, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Ajrrippa Wells's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 22, 1775; also, Capt. Timothy 
Childs's CO., Col. David Field's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 11, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 18, 
1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Allen, Moses. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 11 
days, at Dartmouth and Falmouth, on an alarm in Sept., 1778. 

Allen, Nathan, Brookfield. Sergeant, Capt. Ithamer Wright's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 177">; service, 8 days; reported enlisted into the army 
April 27, 177'); also, Capt. John Packard's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) regt. ; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Allen, Nathan, Medfield. Private, Cajtt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return of 
equipments made up to June 10, 177(5; age, 40 yrs. ; detached May 27, 1776; 
also, record dated July 8, 1770, attested l)y Capt. Mann, stating said Allen to be 
absent from Medfield militia ; also, list of men drafted to reinforce army at New 
York, agreeable to a warrant signed by Col. Hawes and Capt. Mann; drafted 
Sept. 16, 1776; paid bounty in lieu of service; aZso, return of men in Capt. 
Mann's co. ; service 14 days; ordered to march to Court House, Providence, 
thence to Warwick Neck, R. I., by Maj. James Metcalf ; roll dated Cumberland, 
Dec. 9, 1776; also, Capt. Mann's co., Maj. James Metcalf s regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 
1776; discharged Dec. 21, 1776; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
also, list of men hired by selectmen of Medfield to reinforce army at New York, 
dated Dec. 20, 1776; marched under Capt. .Sal)in Mann; aho, list of men who 
went on a secret expedition to Rhode Island for 30 days from Oct. 1, 1777, agree- 
able to a warrant issued by Col. Hawes, Sept. 25, 1777; reported drafted; also, 
Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777 ; dis- 
charged Oct. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 daj's, at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Nathan. Private, Capt. Oliver Clap's co., Col. Benjamin Haws's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched on a secret expedition. 

Allen, Nathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Livermore's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1779; dis- 
charged Oct. 4, 1779; service, 2 mos. 25 days, with guards at Rutland. Roll 
dated Spencer. 

Allen, Nathan. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 
days. 

Allen, Nathan. Capt. Ezra Lunt's co., Col. William Shepard's (2d) regt.; return 
of men for rations, dated Feb. 18, 1780; reported in wagoners department. 

Allen, Nathan, Western. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co., Col. David Brew- 
er's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 12, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
25 days ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Dan- 
forth's CO., Col. Whitcomb's regt., dated Nov. 17, 1776; mustered by Maj. John 
Fraizer, and ordered to join Col. Patterson's regt. by Brig. Gen. Trumball; also. 
Private, Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. Asa Whitcoml)'s regt.; muster roll dated 
Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported re-engaged 
Nov. 14, 1776, in Col. AVigglesworth's regt., but to remain in Col. Whitcomb's regt. 
nntil Dec. 31, 1776; aho, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 1777; joined 
Capt. Porter's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war; 
also, Capt. C. Woodbridge's co.. Col. Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Israel Davis's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, 
dated Camp at Valley P"orge ; reported on command at Radnor; also, muster roll 



IN' THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 177 



Allen, Nathan, continued. 

for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich ; reported sick at Princeton; also, payroll 
for Oct., 1778, dated Providence; also, descriptive list of enlisted men Ijelonging 
to Worcester Co. ; Capt. Rich's co.. Col. Rice's regt.; age, 26 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 
in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Western; enlisted Feb. 5, 
1781; joined Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years ; also, list of men court-martialled ; Capt. Thorp's co.. Col. John Brooks's 
regt.; tried Jan. 13, 1782, by regimental court-martial, Capt. Mills, President; 
charged with forging a due-bill, and found not guilty ; also, list of men court- 
martialled; tried Jan. 9, 1782 (or 3), by regimental court-martial, Capt. Day, 
President ; accused of stealing a shirt ; sentence, 20 lashes. 

Allen, Nathan. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Nathan. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Jul_v 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Nathan, Barre. Private, Capt. Jonathan Siljley's co.. Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 21, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Allen, Nathan, Tyringham. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Herrick's co.. Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted June 29, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 
23 days; also, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; enlisted June 4, 
1778; discharged July 1"), 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days; ordered to Albany by 
Gen. Fellows; also, Capt. .John Collar's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Powel; enlisted July 19, 1779; discharged Aug. 
27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at Connecticut; also, Capt. John King's co.. Col. 
John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted June 27, 1780; discharged July 1, 
1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at West Point; marched by order of Brig. 
Gen. Fellows; also, Lieut. Solomon Jackson's co., Col. Ashley's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 26, 1781 ; service, 18 days, on an alarm at the 
Northward, under Lieut. Col. John Collar, b.v order of Col. John Ashley, Jr. 

Allen, Nathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's (8th) co., 4th regt. ; muster rolls 
for Ma}', June, July, Aug. and Sept., 1783. 

Allen, Nathan, Jr., Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co., Col. John 
Smith's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; 
also, Capt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return of equipments made up to 
June 10, 1776 ; age, 23 yrs. ; also list of men drafted to reinforce Continental 
Army, agreeable to a warrant issued Nov. 21, 1776, and attested by Capt. Mann; 
also, Capt. Mann's co., Maj. James Metcalf's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 177G; dis- 
charged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; reported 
enlisted for New York ; also, return of men in service 16 days, dated Cumberland, 
Dec. 9, 1776; ordered to march to Court House, Providence, thence to Warwick 
Neck, R. I., by Maj. James Metcalf ; also, list of men who went on a secret expe- 
dition to Rhode Island for 30 days from Oct. 1, 1777, agreeable to a warrant 
issued by Col. Hawes, Sept. 25, 1777 ; reported drafted. 

Allen, Nathaniel, Weston. Private, Capt. Nathan Fuller's co.. Col. William Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; companj' return dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Oct. 
6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Prospect Hill, Oct. 29, 1775. 

Allen, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 



178 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Nathaniel, Falmouth. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's co. ; return of men for 
bount)' allowed for service on a secret expedition to Rhode Island in Oct., 1777. 

Allen, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Mark Pool's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; pay rolls for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to April 5, 1778; service at 
Cambridge and Charlestown ; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter 
Hill. 

AliLEN, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
8 days, at Falmouth and Dartmouth, on alarms in Sept., 1778; also, return of 
men in service at Falmouth, on alarms of Feb. 4, April 2 and May 16, 1779; ser- 
vice, 9 days; also, payroll for service from April 12, 1779, to Nov. 16, 1779, 7 mos. 
.') days; stationed at Falmouth; also, pay roll for service from July 20, 1781, to 
Sept. 28, 1781, 2 mos. 8 days; company raised by vote of Falmouth for defence 
of town. 

Allen, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Fales's co. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1779; dis- 
charged Aug. lo, 1779 ; service, 13 days ; marched to Majorbagaduce by order of 
Gen. Lovel. 

Allen, Nathaniel {alias Jonathan). Major, Col. Putnam's regt.; statement of 
Continental balances certified May 22, 1780. 

Allen, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days, under 
Gen. Heath, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, 
R.I. 

Allen, Nathaniel Coit, Cape Ann. Private, Capt. Henry Prentiss's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt. ; enlisted May 16, 1776; discharged Dec. 1, 1776. 

Allen, Nathaniel Coit, Hingham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Benjamin Lapham's or Capt. Peter Cushing's co., dated Feb. 17, 1778; 
joined Capt. Marshall's co., Col. Marshall's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Nathaniel Coit, Boston. Paymaster, Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental 
Army pa.v accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; appointed 
Nov. 6, 1776 ; also, list of officers in Col. Marshall's regt. who have not received 
their warrants, endorsed March 27,1777; reported no warrant to be made out, 
being unfit for the office; also, muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, dated West 
Point; reported furloughed Jan. 29, 1779, by Gen. Paterson; also. Ensign, Capt. 
Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Marshall's (10th) regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated 
West Point; appointed Aug. 10, 1778; also. Lieutenant and Paymaster, Col. 
Thomas Marshall's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; appointed Lieutenant Oct. 21, 1778; also, muster roll 
for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Huts near West Point ; also, muster rolls for 
Jan., 1781-Dec., 1782; also, Captain, 8th co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for Dec, 1782-Sept., 1783. 

Allen, Nehe:miah, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Allen's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt.; 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Allen, Nehemiah, Manchester. Private, Capt. Joseph Whipple's co. ; enlisted July 
13, 177-t; discharged Dec 31, 177"); service, 6 mos. 3 days; company raised in 
Essex Co., and stationed at Manchester and Gloucester; also, Capt. Daniel War- 
ner's (1st) CO.; pay rolls for service from May 31, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 7 mos.; 
stationed at Gloucester. 

Allen, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; enlisted March 28, 
1776; discharged Nov. 18, 1776; stationed at Gloucester. 

Allen, Nehemiah, Middleborough. Captain, 3d co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt.; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 9, 1776; also. Col. Josei)h Cushing's 
regt.; elected Captain by company at Hanover, Dec. 26, 1776; also, Col. Jere- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 179 

Allen, Nehemiah, continued. 

miah Hall's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; service, 3 mos. 2 da3-s; marched to 
Bristol, R. I. ; also, Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; service on a secret expedi- 
tion to Rhode Island in Sept. and Oct., 1777; a/.so. Col. Cotton's regt., Gen. 
Palmer's brigade ; return of men on a late expedition to Rhode Island, dated 
Germantown, Dec. 11, 1777. 

Allen, Nehemiah, New Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathan Merrill's cc. Col. Jon- 
athan Mitchell's (Cumberland Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 
2.1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 17 days, on expedition to Penobscot. 

Allen, Nehemiah, Oakham. Private, Capt. .John Cutler's co.. Col. Luke Drury's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 27, 1781; discharged Nov. 7, 1781; service, 2 mos. 18 days; 
reported joined regiment at West Point, Sept. 3, 1781. 

Allen, Nehemiah, Jr. Private, Capt. Mark Pool's co., Col. Jacoli Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; pay rolls for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to April o, 1778 ; service at Cam- 
bridge and Charlestown ; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter Hill. 

Allen, Nehemiah, 2d. Sergeant, Capt. Mark Pool's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; pay rolls for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to April n, 1778 ; service at Cam- 
bridge and Charlestown; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter Hill. 

Allen, Noah, Rehoboth. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Bliss's co., which marched on the 
alann of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's (22d) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775; 
also, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 
8, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
marched to Bristol, R. I. ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's (2d) co., 
Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
June 23, 1777 ; reported chosen in place of Lieut. John Davis ; also, Capt. Stephen 
Bullock's CO., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 10, 
1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. Joseph Willmarth's (3d) co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's (1st Bristol Co.) 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 11, 1779; also, Capt. 
Willmarth's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 
8, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alann at Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth 
to Tiverton, R. I., and there did duty under Gen. Heath ; also, Capt. Simeon Cole's 
CO., Col. Dean's regt. ; service, 3 days, between March 6, 1781, and March 15, 1781, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company discharged by order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln ; 
40 days levies. 

Allen, Noah. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 6, 1776; rank, 1st Lieutenant, in Col. Whitcomb's (6th) regt.; 
promoted to Captain vice Capt. Tobey resigned. 

Allen, Noah, Medfield. Lieutenant; list of men enrolled on alarm list taken to June 
10, 1776; age, 58 yrs. ; also, list of men who received money for "turns done in 
the last wars in the daj's of Capt. Morse the 1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 
17, 1776 ; also, list of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, agreeable to a 
warrant issued Nov. 21, 1776, and attested by Capt. Sabin Mann ; reported drafted, 
but paid money in lieu of service ; also, list of men drafted to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army, agreeable to a warrant issued May 8, 1777, by Lieut. Baxter ; paid 
money in lieu of service ; also, list of men who marched to Rhode Island on an 
alarm, July 22, 1777. 

Allen, Noah. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co., Col. John Hathaway's (2d Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; roll dated Dartmouth ; also, pay roll for service from 
March 14, 1781, to March 18, 1781, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



180 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Noah. Private, Capt. George Clagborn's co., Col. Abiel Mitchell's (Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 2 
days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Noah, Sandisfield. Lieutenant, Capt. Moses Soul's co.. Col. John Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 21, 177'), on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Sandis- 
field and New Marlborough; service, 17 daj's; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1770; enlisted May 8, 177"); service, 3 mos. 1 day; commissioned June 7, 1775; 
also, lists of officers dated Camp at lloxbury, May 23, May 31 and June 5, 1775; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. N. Allen's (late Soul's) co.. 
Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 
1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported promoted to Captain Oct. 1, 1776, and re- 
engaged Nov. 14, 1776, in Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; on furlough ; also, Captain ; 
list of otflcers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Oct. 16, 1776, and confirmed by 
Congress Sept. 6, 1779 ; also. Col. Smith's (late "Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls 
for March and May, 1778, dated Valley Forge; also, muster roll for June, 1778, 
dated Camp Greenwich; also, pay abstracts for July and Aug., 1778, and April, 
1779, dated Providence; also, Maj. John Porter's (13th) regt.; return of officers 
for clothing, dated Camp Lower Salem, Aug. 28, 1779 ; also, Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return of men 
in 13th regt.. Gen. Glover's ])rigade, dated Boston, Dec. 14, 1780 ; also, Col. Joseph 
Yose's (IstJ regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison at West Point; 
reported on furlough at New Marlborough; also. Col. Yose's regt., commanded 
by Capt. Jeremiah Miller; muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated 
Garrison at West Point; reported on furlough at New Marlborough ; also. Col. 
Yose's regt., commanded by Capt. Noah Allen ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated 
West Point; also, return of officers of 1st regt., commanded by Capt. John Wil- 
liams, dated West Point, June 1, 1781; reported on duty at the Lines; also, 
returns of officers of 1st regt., commanded by Capt. J. Miller, dated West Point, 
June 8, June 15 and June 22, 1781 ; reported on duty at the Lines; also, return 
of officers of 1st regt., dated Camp Peekskill, June 29, 1781 ; reported on duty at 
the Lines; also, muster rolls for July, 1781-March, 1782; reported wounded at 
Robinson's house ; reported sick at block-house, on returns dated July 20, 1781, 
and Aug. 17, 1781 ; reported wounded at New Marlborough, on returns dated 
from Aug. 25, 1781, to March 1, 1782 ; also, return of officers dated Camp at West 
Point, June 14, 1782 ; reported on duty at Fort Putnam ; also, return of officers 
dated Camp at West Point, July 19, 1782 ; reported on duty at garrison ; also, 
return of officers dated Sept. 20, 1782 ; reported on duty at West Point ; also, return 
of officers dated Camp at Yerplanck's Point, Oct. 25, 1782 ; reported sick in camp; 
also, return of officers dated Camp at Snake Hill, Nov. 1, 1782; reported sick in 
camp ; also, returns dated from Nov. 8, 1782, to Dec. 6, 1782 ; reported sick at New 
Marlborough by leave of Gen. Washington. 

Allen, Obadiah, Pleasant River. Sergeant, Capt. Francis Shaw, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted 
Sept. 11, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 27 days; company sta- 
tioned at Gouldsborough, No. 4, Narraguagus and Pleasant River. 

Allen, Obadiah. Lieutenant, Capt. Reuben Dyer's co. ; enlisted July 3, 1777; dis- 
charged Dec. 13, 1777 ; service, 5 mos. 11 days, on an expedition against St. Johns, 
N. S., and Machias. 

Allen, Oliver, Winthrop. Private, Capt. Oliver Colburn's co. of Minute-men, Col. 
Arnold's regt.; enlisted July 25, 1775; discharged Aug. 14, 1775; service, 20 
days; also, list of men from AVinthrop enlisted for 3 years" and not returned 
to this town." 

Allen, Oliveu. Captain, 4th co., 4th Pljmouth Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned May 9, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 181 

Allen, Olivek. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's re^t. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Allen, Parmele. Sailor, sloop "Enterprise," commanded by Capt. John P. Sloan; 
engaged May 23, 1775; discharged July 1, 1775; ser\-ice, 1 mo. 16 days. 

Allen, Paul. Private, Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; enlisted April 17, 1776; ser- 
vice, 7 mos. 12 days ; stationed at Dartmouth. 

Allen, Paul, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Roljert Earl's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 14 days. 

Allen, Paul. Private, Capt. Peter Coombs's co., Lieut. Col. Prime's regt. ; enlisted 
May 23, 1780; (lischarged Jan. 26, 1781 ; service, 8 mos. 4 days, at the Eastward, 
under Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Allen, Pelatiah, Brunswick. Private, Capt. John AYentworth's co.. Col. Aaron Wil- 
lard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Brunswick to Bennington, 
dated Boston, Jan. 6, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for travel allowance from Fort 
Edward to Brunswick, dated Boston, Jan. 15, 1777. 

Allen, Pelatiah, North Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Means's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Feb. 13, 1777; reported deserted Feb. 13, 1777. 

Allen, Pelatiah, Harpswell. Capt. George "White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt.; enlisted Jan. 20, 1777; roll made up for 2 months IJ days rations to time 
of arrival at Bennington ; also, Private, Capt. John Chadwick's co., Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778 ; reported on furlough. 

Allen, Peleg, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Phanuel Bishop's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co.. 
Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; 
service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Allen, Peleg. Private, Capt. Henry Tew's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Peter. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; payrolls 
for Feb. and March, 1776; also, pay roll for April, 1776, dated New York; also, 
pay roll for May, 1776; also, pay roll for June, 1776, dated New York ; also, list 
of men who lust articles at the evacuation of New York, Sept. 14, 1776 ; also, list 
of men who returned guns while at Trenton, Dec. 31, 1776; also, list of men who 
engaged to continue in service for 6 weeks from Jan. 1, 1777; also, order for travel 
allowance, etc., dated Woburn, March 27, 1777. 

Allen, Peter. Private, Capt. John Blunt's co., Maj. William Lithgow's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 27, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days, in defending 
of Lincoln Co. frontier. 

Allen, Peter, Pownalborough. Private, Capt. Smart's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late 
Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 2, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Nicholas Blaisdell's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Feb. 5, 1778; also, muster roll 
for May, 1778, dated Camp at Valley Forge ; also, muster roll for June, 177S, 
dated Camp Greeage ( ? ) ; also, pay abstract for Oct., 1778, and muster roll for 
March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on command at Boston Neck 
in March and April, 1779; also, Capt. Smart's co.. Col. Smith's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 2, 1780. 

Allen, Peter, Jr. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstracts for Feb. and March, 1776; also, pay abstract for April, 1776, dated New 
York; also, pay abstract for May, 1776; also, pay abstract for June, 1776, dated 
New York ; also, order for wages for Dec, 1776, dated AVoburn, March 26, 1777. 



182 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Philemon, Stow. Private, Capt. AVilliiini ^Vllitcunll)'s co.. Col. James Pres- 
cott's refjt., which inarched on the alarm of April 19, 177'); service, 9 days; re- 
ported enlisted into tlie army; also, Capt. Samuel Patch's co., Col. Prescott's 
rest. ; return of men for equipments, dated Caml)ridf;e, June 18, 1775 ; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 177"); also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Monroe's co.. Col. Ezekiel Howe's (-Jtli) refit.; joined Capt. 
Brown's co., Col. Bisielow's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also. Corporal, Capt. 
Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Feb. 23, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 6 mos. 
23 days as Private, 27 mos. 15 days as Corporal ; also, muster roll dated Van 
Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; reported on command at C'harlestown ; also, pay 
abstract for Feb., 1779, dated Providence ; also, muster roll for March and April, 
1779; reported on furlough; also, Colonel's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; Continental 
Arm}' pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 23, 1780. 

Allen, PHiLEiMON, Lancaster. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; comi)lexion, light; residence, Lancaster; arrived at Spring- 
field Aug. 13, 1780 ; inarched to camp Aug. 1(5, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Burbank ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780. 

Allen, Philemon. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. John Rand's regt. ; en- 
listed July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allen, Philemon, Sterling. Private, Capt. Michael G. Houdin's co., Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (5th) regt.; muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated "West Point; 
marched Aug. 10, 1780; enlisted Aug. 13, 1780; discharged Feb. 13, 1781; en- 
listment, 6 months. 

Allen, Philip. Private, Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; enlisted July 26, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, return of men for travel allowance from Rhode 
Island to Dartmouth, Sept. 1, 1777 ; also, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., Col. Car- 
penter's regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged Aug. 12, 1778; service, 17 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Jol) Cook's (16th) co., Col. Hathaway's 
(2d Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 7, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; ser-sice, 2 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dartmouth. 

Allen, Philip, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Nathan Hamilton's co.. Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; pay abstract for service from Aug. 3, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 
mo. 29 daj's; a^Ao, receipt for wages for Oct., 1776, dated Ticonderoga Mills; 
also, pay abstract for travel allowance from Fort Edward to Brookfield, dated 
Feb. 6, 1777; also, pay abstract for 1 mo. 28 days service [j'car not given] ; 
also, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Job Cusliing's regt. ; enlisted July 30, 1777; 
discharged Sept. 2, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Half Moon and Bennington ; 
also, Capt. Asa Danforth's co. of volunteers. Col. Convers's regt.; service, 22 
days; marched from Brookfield to join Gen. Gates's army, Sept. 23, 1777. 

Allen, Philip. Private, Capt. John Shaw's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Sept. 7, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 3 mos. 7 days, at Cam- 
bridge. Roll dated Raynham. 

Allen, Philip. Private, Capt. Samuel Flower's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; 
muster roll for July, 1780; enlisted July 8, 1780; enlistment, 6 months; also, 
muster roll for Sept., 1780, dated Camp Orringtown ; also, muster roll for Oct., 
1780, dated Camp Totoway; also, muster roll for Dec, 1780, dated Camp at West 
Point; discharged Dec. 18, 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 183 

Allen, Philii', Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, ITTo; service, 9 days; also, Cai)t. Jacob Ide's co. ; order for 
waffes for service on the alarm cansed by battle of Bunker Hill, dated July .5, 
1776; also, Capt. Samuel Robinson's co.. Col. Wade's re.;;t. ; enlisted June 21, 
1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 22 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
21 days levies; also. Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co.. Col. John Ilatha- 
way's regt. ; enlisted March 25, 1779; discharged Ajjril 15, 1779; service, 21 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce 
Continental Army for the term of G months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; 
age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Attleborough ; 
arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under com- 
mand of Ensiga Bancroft; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated 
Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised hy the 
town of Attleborough for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched 
July 6, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 8, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 2 days. 

Allex, Phineas, Oxford. Private, Capt. John Town's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 6 days ; reported enlisted into the 
army; also, Capt. Samuel Curtis's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Allen, Phineas, Easton. Private, Capt. Macey Williams's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days, between April 19 and April 28, 1775; 
also. Sergeant, Capt. Josiah Keith's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 
8, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1776 ; service, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 
also, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. George Williams's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 
1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 32 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; marched on a secret expedition from Taunton. 

Allen, Phineas. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suf- 
folk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
6 days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Allen, Phineas, Medfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men detached from Capt. Bax- 
ter's CO., agreeable to resolve of June 30, 1781 ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3^ in. ; 
complexion, light; hair, light; eyes, blue; residence, Medfield; enlistment, 3 
months from Aug. 16, [year not given] ; also. Private, Capt. John Lincoln's co., 
Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. 22 days. 

Allen, Phineas. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men dated April 11, 1783. 

Allen, Phineas, Lincoln. Capt. Farrar's co. ; list of men detached from Col. Brooks's 
regt. to relieve guards at Cambridge [year not given] . 

Allen, Pomp. Capt. Gleason's co., 4th regt.; receipt for wages for Sept., 1776; also, 
order for wages dated North Castle, Nov. 5, 1776; also. Private; return of men 
in Col. Nixon's (4th) regt., dated Springfield, Jan. 25, 1777; also, list of men 
dated Chatham, Feb. 1, 1777. 

Allen, Prince, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Allen's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt. ; service, 31 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island in Sept. and Oct., 
1777 ; marched on a secret expedition. 

Allen, Prince. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt. ; drafted 
Sept. 20, 1776; discharged Nov. 20, 1776; service, 60 days, at Rhode Island. 



184 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Prince. Private, Capt. Job Cook's (16th) co., Col. Hathaway's fid Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Au<r. 7, 1780; discharsied Aug. 8, 1780; service, 2 daj'S, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dartmouth. 

Allen, Prince. Private, Lieut. John Kilhurn's co., Col. Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 1.'5, 1780; discharged Oct. 16, 1780; service, days, on an 
alarm at Vermont by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Allen, Richard. Private, Capt. John Holden's (2d) co.. Col. Christopher Greene's 
(1st Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated Camp at East Green- 
wich ; enlisted May 22, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Richard. Seaman, brig " Adventure," commanded l>y Capt. James Morris ; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 26, 1780 ; age, 25 yrs. ; complexion, 
mulatto ; residence, Massachusetts. 

Allen, Robert. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co., Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for Jan. -Dec, 1777 ; enlisted Feb. 17, 1777 ; 
enlistment, 3 years; reported sick and absent; also, muster roll for Feb. and 
March, 1778; reported deserted March lo, 1778. 

Allen, Robert. Descriptive list of the officers and crew of the ship " Aurora" 
(privateer), commanded by Capt. David Porter, dated Boston, June 16, 1781; 
age, 24 j-rs. ; stature, 6 ft. 

Allen, Ruel. Private, Capt. John Wells's co., Col. Timothy Rol)inson's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 2;^, 1776; discliarged April 1, 1777; service, 100 days; 
marched to Ticonderoga; a/so, muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 
1777 ; enlistment to expire March 23, 1777. 

Allen, Rvel. Sergeant, Capt. Enoch Cliapin's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; en- 
listed July 15, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 5 mos. 19 days, guarding 
stores in Springfield and Brookfield ; company detached from Hampshire Co. 
militia; also, Capt James AValsworth's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Julj- 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27,1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days, 
at New London, Conn. 

Allen, Rufus. Private, Lieut. William Ford's co.. Col. David Rosseter's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 13, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 7 days, at 
Bennington ; also, list of men who marched from Pittsfield to Bennington, Aug. 
16, 1777, under Lieut. William Ford; dismissed Aug. 23, 1777. 

Allen, Rvfus. Private, Capt. Samuel Warner's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 13 
days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allen, Rufus. 2d Lieutenant, 2d Artillery co., 2d Berkshire Co. regt.; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 27, 1779; also, 1st Lieutenant, Artillery co., 
3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Oct. 22, 
1779; also. Captain, Artillery co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt.; commissioned June 5, 
1780; also, Col. David Rosseter's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 17, 
1780 ; service, 3 days, on an alarm ; roll dated Pittsfield ; also, pa.v roll for 3 days 
service from Oct. 18, 1780, to Oct. 21, 1780, on an alarm. Roll dated Pittsfield. 

Allen, Russell. List of men returned by selectmen of AVest Springfield as having 
received l)ounty, agreeable to resolve of June 10, 1778, to serve at Providence, 
R. I., until Jan. 1, 1779; enlisted into Capt. N. Rowley's co. and served at Provi- 
dence or therealjouts. 

Allen, Russell. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted Oct. 6, 1779; dis- 
charged Jan. 6, 1780; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 185 

Allex. RrssELL, Shelburne. List of men mustered for service at Claverack as re- 
turned by Lieut. Col. David Wells, Aujc:. 3, 1780; Capt. John Long's co. ; age, 18 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Shelburne; enlistment, 3 
months; also. Private, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oc-t. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 7 
days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Arm}-. 

Allen, Salmox, Worcester. Matross, Capt. James Swan's (1st) co., Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Ma)' 8, 1777 ; 
also, list of men who refused to leave Boston, dated Sept. 22, 1777; also, list of 
men in Capt. Joseph Balch's co., Col. Crafts's regt., who received bounty for 8 
months sersucejrom April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

Allex, Samuel, Sandisfield. Private, Capt. Jacob Brown's co., Col. John Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 27 days. 

Allex, Samuel, South Brimfield. Corporal, Capt. Anthony Needham's co., which 
marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 11 days; left Cambridge April 27, 1775. 

Allex, Samuel. Marine, sloop "Enterprise," commanded by Capt. John P. Sloan; 
engaged May 8, 1775 ; discharged July 1, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 6 days. 

Allex, Samuel, Braintree (also given Roxbury). Private, Capt. Elihu Adams's co., 
imder command of Lieut. David Linfield, Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Joseph 
Morse's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 
1775]. 

Allex, Samuel, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Bliss's co., Col. Walker's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 2 mos. 3 days; reported de- 
serted June 27, 1775; also, company return dated Oct. G, 1775; reported deserted. 

Allen, Samuel. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawin's co., Col. Joseph Palmer's regt.; 
enlisted March 4, 1776 ; service, 15 days. 

Allen, Samuel. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Col. Jonathan Bass's regt.; 
service, 4 days; company assembled at Braintree, June 13, 1776, upon orders to 
march to Horse Neck, and June 24, 1776, upon orders to march to Nantasket. 

Allex, Samuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Wolcott's co.. Col. Hopkins's regt. ; service, 
16 days, between July 16, 1776, and Aug. 5, 1776; marched to the Highlands, 
N. Y. Roll sworn to in Berkshire Co. 

Allen, Samuel. Private, Capt. Knowlton's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 1, 1777. 

Allex, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Bradley's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days; marched to Manchester, Vt., to 
join Northern army. Roll dated Suffolk Co. 

Allen, Samuel, AValpole. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Smith's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Oliver Clap's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt., commanded by Maj. James 
Metcalf; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 24 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Warwick, R. I.; also, Capt. S. Mann's co., 
Col. Wheelock's regt.; enlisted April 22, 1777; discharged May 10, 1777; service, 
20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Clap's co., Col. Benjamin 
Haws's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched on a secret expedition. 



186 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Allex, Samuel, Ashfield. Ensign, Lieut. Samuel Bartlet's co., whicli marched April 
22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Ashtield ; service, 5 
days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., Col. John Fellows's 
rest. ; list of officers dated Camp at Roxbury, May 31, 1775; commissioned June 
7,"l775; also, Ensign, Capt. Webber's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; muster roll dated 
An?. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company re- 
turn dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Lieutenant, Cai)t. Bartlett's co.. Col. 
James AVesson's (9th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to April 12, 1778; reported resigned April 12, 1778. 

Allen, Samvel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Lieut. Col. Edward Symmes's 
detachment of guards ; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; discharged May 26, 1778; service, 
3 mos. 

Allen, Samvel. Trivate, Capt. Ebenezer Everett's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt., Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Samuel, Topsham. List of men mustered in Lincoln Co. from Capt. James 
Mustard's co.. Col. McCobb's (1st) regt., to reinforce Col. Wade's and Col. 
Jacobs's regts. at Providence; returned Aug. 20. 1778, by Brig. Charles Cushing; 
also. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; en- 
listed July 2, 1778; discharged Oct. 10, 1778; service, 3 mos. 7 days, at Rhode 
Island ; roll sworn to at Boston ; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 
17, 1778 ; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Allen, Samuel. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet; engaged Feb. 3, 1779; discharged April 30, 1779; service, 2 mos. 28 days. 

Allen, Samuel. Private, Capt. Timothy Mann's co., Maj. Seth BuUard's (4th Suf- 
folk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 1, 1780; service, 4 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Samuel. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co.. Col. John Ilathaway's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Sa.muel. Private, Capt. .Jabez Bullock's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9. 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; served at Tiverton, R. I., under Gen. Heath. 

Allen, Samuel. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 2, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Allen, Samuel, Lenox. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeal)le to resolve 
of Dec. 2, 1780; Capt. Debbell's co.. Col. Rossiter's regt.; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, black ; occupation, weaver ; residence, Lenox ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Samuel. Seaman, frigate "Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson; en- 
gaged Nov. 30, 1781 ; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 6 mos. ; enlistment, 
12 months. 

Allen, Samuel. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; payrolls for service 
from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783. 

Allen, Samuel. Frigate "Hague," commanded by Capt. Jolm Mauley ; receipt for 
wages to May 10, 1783. 

Allen, Samuel. Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men dated 
Oct. 28, 1783. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 187 

Allen, Samuel. Seaman; list of prisoners returned in exchange for Britisli prisoners 
sent to New York in tlie cartel Ijris "Favorite; " exchanged for Patrick Lairey, 
seaman ; return made by Robert Pierpont, Commissar}-. 

Allen, Samiel, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 21, 1776; service, 16 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I. ; a/so, Capt. 
John Bradley's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; service, 
3 mos. 16 days; marched to Manchester, Vt., to join Northern army. Roll dated 
Suffolk Co. 

Allex, Samuel, 2d. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; service,"8 days, between Dec. 8 and Dec. 24, 1776, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I. 

Allen, Seth, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co.. Col. Lemuel Robinson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Allen, Seth, West Medway. Private ; company commanded by Lieut. Moses Adams 
under Maj. J. Fuller of Col. John Smith's regt., which marched on the alarms of 
April 19 and April 30, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Allen, Seth, HoUiston. Private, Capt. Samuel Cobb's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, com- 
pany return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Allen, Seth. Capt. Chamberlain's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; discharged 
Nov. 3, 1776. 

Allen, Seth. Private, Capt. Thomas Whipple's co., Col. James Converse's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island in July, 1777; 
marched to Providence, R. I. Roll dated New Braintree. 

Allen, Seth. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawse's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; stationed at Little Compton, R. I. Roll dated Bellingham. 

Allen, Seth, Halifax. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Halifax ; arrived at Springfield July 
10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Ensign Bancroft; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Allen, Seth. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 7, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Allen, Silas, Medfield. Private, Capt. Sabin Man's co., Col. Greaton's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, certificate dated 
[probably] May, 1776, stating said Allen to be chosen Corporal of a company ; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return of equipments made 
up to June 10, 1776; age, 26 j'rs.; enlisted into the army July, 1776; also, list of 
men raised to serve at Dorchester Heights until Dec. 1, 1776, agreeable to a war- 
rant issued by Col. Haws, July 23, 1776; also, return of men in Capt. Mann's 
CO. in service 23 days, dated Cumberland, Dec. 9, 1776; ordered to march to 
Court House, Providence, thence to Warwick Neck, R. I., by Maj. James Metcalf ; 
also, Capt. Mann's co., Maj. Metcalf's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged 
Dec. 30, 1776; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, list of men 
who marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 22, 1777. 



188 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Silas. Private, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 11, 1778; discharged Nov. 9, 1778; service, 4 mos., at Cam- 
bridge ; roll dated Lancaster ; also, Capt. David Jewett's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Nov. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 5 days; roll 
dated Lancaster; also, Capt. Woodbury's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's detachment 
of guards [year not given] . 

Allen, Simeox, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Allen, Simeon. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 days, 
on an alarm at the Northward by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Allen, Simeon, Williamstown. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. 
in 1779 to serve in Continental Army; age, 35 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Williamstown; delivered to Lieut. Story. 

Allen, Simeon. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Aug. 15, 1778; service, 21 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Simeon. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, on an alarm at Stiuantum in March, 1776; «/so, Capt. Nathan 
Alden's co., commanded by Lieut. John Whitman, Col. Mitchell's regt.; enlisted 
Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; also, Capt. Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; enlisted July 30, 
1780; discharged Aug. 1, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Solomon, Northampton. Private, Capt. Jonathan Allen's co.. Gen. Pomeroy's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 15 days ; returned home May 4, 1775. 

Allen, Solomon, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
(12th) regt.; muster roll dated April 24, 1776; enlisted Feb. 9, 1776. 

Allen, Solomon. Certificate of service given by Col. Thomas Crafts, stating that said 
Allen was employed in the laboratory 1 month after his regiment was disbanded ; 
wages allowed for said service June 22, 1777. 

Allen, Solomon. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Sept. 26, 1777; service, 8 days; marched to Still- 
water and Saratoga. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Allen, Solomon. 3d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's co.. Col. Seth Murray's 
regt.; enlisted July 4, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 14 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Armj'. 

Allen, Solomon. Private, Capt. Andrew Woodberry's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. Roll dated Gloucester. 

Allen, Solomon, Rowley. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Rowley; arrived at Springfield 
July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Capt. George 
Webb. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 189 

Allen, Solomon. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's (1st) co., 2d Hampshire 
Co. regt. [year not given] . 

Allen, Solomon. 2d Major, Col. Israel Chapin's (2d Hampshire Co.) regt. [year not 
given] . 

Allen, Sqvire, Ileholjoth. Private, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's 
(22d) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177S; enlisted July 11, 1775; service, 2 
weeks 6 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 177"); also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775; also, 
Capt. James Hills's co.. Col. Caqjenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged 
Dec. 23, 1776 ; service, 8 daj's, on an alarm at Bristol. 

Allen, Stephen, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Bams's co., Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 12, 1775; service, 11 
weeks 4 days. 

Allen, Stephen. Private, Capt. Benjamin "NVillcox's co. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; ser- 
vice, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Dartmouth to How- 
land's Ferry, R. I., to repel the British forces which arrived at Newport, Dec. 7, 
1776. 

Allen, Stephen. Private, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; 
enlisted March 16, 1779 ; discharged April 12, 1779 ; service, 28 days, at Howland's 
Ferry, R. I. 

Allen, Stephen, Norwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Norwich; enlisted April 10, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allen, Stephen, Jr., Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Phanuel Bishop's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co., 
Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; 
ser\ice, 16 days ; marched on an alarm to Bristol, R. I. 

Allen, Stlvanus. Private, Capt. Job Cook's (16th) co.. Col. Hathaway's (2d Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 7, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; ser\ice, 2 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dartmouth. 

Allen, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Smith's co. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 16 days, at Machias. 

Allen, Thomas, Marblehead. Capt. Joel Smith's co.. Col. John Glover's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 28, 1775; also. Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 27, 1775; service, 1 mo. 9 days; reported killed June 
17, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1775. 

Allen, Thomas. Capt. Stephen Dana's co., Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt. ; enlisted 
March 4, 1776 ; discharged March 6, 1776 ; service, 2 days ; marched to Roxbury. 
Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Allen, Thomas, Pittsfield. Chaplain, Col. Simonds's regt. ; list of men under Lieut. 
William Barber, who marched to New York, Sept. 30, 1776, and were dismissed 
Nov. 17, 1776; service, 7 weeks. 

Allen, Thomas, Gloucester. Corporal, Capt. Nicholas Blasdel's co.. Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home, in 1776. 

Allen, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcorab's regt. ; 
enlisted May 3, 1777; service, 2 mos. 3 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 2 
months. 

Allen, Thomas, Pittsfield. List of men under Lieut. William Ford, who marched 
from Pittsfield to Bennington, Aug. 16, 1777, and were dismissed Aug. 23, 1777. 



190 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, Thomas. Private, company of volunteers under Col. Easton, who marched to 
assist Gen. Stark at Benninirton by order of Gen. Lincoln ; detached from Berk- 
shire Co. regt. ; enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; discharged Sept. 27, 1777; service, 24 days. 
Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Allen, Thomas. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 nio. 7 days, on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dedham. 

Allen, Thomas. List of prisoners certified by the selectmen of Truro, Sept. 19, 1777, 
as having been returned from the British ship " Diamond," commanded by Capt. 
Charles Fielding, to be exchanged for British sul)jects ; captured Sept. 6, 1777, 
from the "Morning Star" (merchant vessel), commanded by Capt. John Combe 
of Newbnrj-port ; also, Seaman ; list of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the 
prison ship "Lord Sandwich," and landed at Bristol March 7, 1778. 

Allen, Thomas. Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; enlisted Sept. 6, 
1778; service, 3 daj'S, on an alarm at Dartmouth, Bedford and Falmouth. 

Allen, TifOMAs, Salem. Boy, brig "Union" (privateer), commanded by Capt. Jon- 
athan Gardner; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Nov. 3, 1780; age, 15 
yrs. ; stature, 4 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Allen, Thomas, Boston. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's 
detachment of guards; enlisted Dec. 10, 1777; discharged March 1, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 22 days, at Dorchester; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Boston, 
June, 1780; Lieut. Cook's co.. Col. Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 33 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light; enlistment, 6 months; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised 1)y the town of Boston for service in the Continental Army during 
1780; marched July 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 5, 1780; service, 5 mos. 15 days. 

Allen, Thomas, Stoughton. List of men enlisted agreeable to resolve of April 10, 
1778 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Armj- for the 
term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
8 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Stoughton; arrived at Springfield July 9, 
1780; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 
1780; also, i)ay roll for fi months men raised by the town of Stoughton for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; discharged Dec. 13, 
1780 ; service, 5 mos. 19 days. 

Allen, Thomas, Reboboth. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by James Leon- 
ard, Muster Master, subsequent to Sept. 16, [year not given] ; Capt. Jonathan 
Drown's co.. Col. Lee's regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. G in. ; residence, 
Rehoboth. 

Allen, Thomas. Seaman, sloop " Providence," commanded by Capt. J. P. Rathburn ; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the " Loyalty " and "Wreck" [year not 
given] . 

Allen, Thomas, New London, Conn. List of deserters from Maj. Ball's co.. Col. 
Shepard's (4th) regt., between Jan. 1 and June 1, 1780; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 
ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence. New London, Conn.; enlistment, during 
war; reported broke from the prison guard at Boston. 

Allen, Thomas. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabcz Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with de- 
tachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of 
Council of May 12, 1777. 

Allen, Thomas, Jr., Marblehead. Private, Capt. Joel Smith's co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; service, 2 mos. 14 
days ; also, receipt for advance pay dated Camljridge, Jul}' 28, 1775 ; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported transferred to a privateer. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 191 

Allex, Timothy, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177n, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 3 days; also, 
Capt. Battle's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; pay abstract for 6 days rations and 
mileage in March, 1776 ; service at Dorchester Heights. 

Allen, Timothy. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 6 
days; marched to reinforce army at Bennington. 

Allen, Timothy. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, Timothy. Private, Capt. Jacob Pool's co.. Col. Jacobs's (Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; service, 3 mos. 13 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Timothy, Bridgewater. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Francis's CO., 
Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; com- 
plexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Bridgewater; enlisted 
March 26, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's 
(8th) CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for Dec, 1782-Sept., 1783; re- 
ported transferred from 9th regt. 

Allen, Tobias. Seaman; list of prisoners returned in the cartel " Swift" from Hali- 
fax to Boston, Nov. 9, 1777. 

Allen, Tobias. Private, Capt. John Hall's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) 
regt.; return of men in service from Aug. 7, 1779, to Sept. 7, 1779; marched on 
expedition to Majorbagaduce by order of Gen. Lovel. Roll dated Boston. 

Allen, Walley. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt.; muster rolls for Sept. and Oct., 1778; enlisted April 24, 
1778; enlistment, during war; also, muster roll for Feb., 1779; also, muster rolls 
for March, April, July, Aug. and Oct., 1779, dated East Greenwich; reported: 
sick in hospital in March ; prisoner of war in July ; prisoner at Newport in Aug. 

Allen, Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt., 
Gen. Palmer's brigade; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; service, 32 days; marched to 
Tiverton, R. I., on a secret expedition. 

Allen, Weston. Private, Capt. Barnabas Doty's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 13, 1778; discharged Sept. 17, 1778; service, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Falmouth, Barnstable Co. 

Allen, Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co., Lieut. Col. White's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 9 days, at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Rochester. 

Allen, AVilliam. Private, Capt. James Lemont's co. ; enlisted July 22, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 22 days, at Georgetown. 

Allen, William. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Warner's (1st) co. ; enlisted July 19, 1775; 
service, 5 mos. 26 days ; stationed at Gloucester ; also, Lieut. Joseph Lane's co. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Sept. 16, 1775. 

Allen, William, Belchertown. Private, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co., Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; ser^^ce, 
3 mos. 3 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Bardwell's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Whipple's co. ; enlisted July 19, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 25 days; company raised in Essex Co. 
and stationed at Manchester and Gloucester. 



192 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, William. List of men in an account of wages for Feb. and March, 1776. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Winthrop Baston's co. ; enlisted Fel). 1, . [Com- 
pany known to have been raised in Feb., 1776, for 2 months service before 
Boston.] 

Allen, William. Clerk, Capt. Moses French's co., Col. Joseph Palmer's regt.; en- 
listed March 4, 1776; discharged March 19, 1776; service, 15 days; company 
assembled at Braintree. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. William Lithgow's co. ; enlisted March 11, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 23, 1776 ; stationed at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Allen, William, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. Moses Lit- 
tle's (r2th) regt. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported died Sept. 8, 1776; also, receipt 
for wages dated Long Island, June 9 and July 14, 1776 ; also, pay abstract for 
equipments, etc., dated Prospect Hill, 1776. 

Allen, William, Kehoboth. Fifer, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1776; discharged Oct. 1, 1776; service, 1 mo. 20 days; 
also, roll made up for 2 days travel allowance dated Nov. 29, 1776 ; also, Capt. 
Israel Ilix's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged 
Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Re- 
hoboth to Bristol, R. I. 

Allen, William, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co.. Col. Dyke's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester home, dated Dorchester, 
Nov. 20, 1776. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 
1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 2 mos. 20 days; stationed at Martha's Vineyard. 

Allen, William, Middlelwrough. Private, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 20, 1776 ; ser\ice, 
12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Rowland's Ferry, R. I. 

Allen, William, Topsham. Corporal, Capt. George White's co.. Col. Tupper's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 12, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 12 mos. 19 days as Corporal, 23 mos. as Sergeant; also, Capt. 
White's CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's reijt. ; roll made up for 2 months 10 days 
rations from Jan. 12, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington; also, muster roll for 
March, 1779, dated West Point; reported transferred to Capt. Samuel Page's 
(Light Infantry) co., April 1, 1779; also, Sergeant, Capt. Page's co.. Col. Tupper's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 12, 
1780; reported discharged Jan. 12, 1780. 

Allen, William, Boston. List of men in an independent co. formed at Boston, dated 
Dec. 7, 1776; also. Private, Gen. John Hancock's (Independent) co., commanded 
by Lieut. Col. Henry Jackson; enlisted April 1"), 1777; discharged May 5, 1777; 
service, 21^ days; marched to Rhode Island. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. William Tupper's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; service, 
65 days, at Rhode Island, in May and June, 1777. 

Allen, William. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Hollis, Jr.'s (2d) co., 5th Suffolk Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia, dated Braintree, July 8, 1777 ; commissioned 
July 17 (also given 27), 1777. 

Allen, William. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co., Col. John Mosley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern Army. 

Allen, William, Gouldsborough. 2d Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Libbey's co.. Col, Ben- 
jamin Foster's regt.; enlisted Sept. 2, 1777; discharged Oct. 6, 1777; service, 1 
mo. 4 days, at Machias. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 193 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co., Col. Cushing's regt. ; service, 
29 days; marched from Broul<lield, July 30, 1777, to Half Moon and Beiiniiiiiton. 

Allen, William, Reliol)Oth. Private, Capt. Samuel Bliss's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's (22d) re.ijt. ; muster roll dated Aui;. 1, 177o; enlisted April 28, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Oct. G, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at lloxbury, Oct. 26, 1775; 
also, Capt. Sylvanns Martin's co., Col. Williams's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; 
discharged Oct. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo., at Tiverton, R. I. 

Allen, William, Vineyard. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's (3d) co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's (14th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jinie 1, 
1777, to Jan 31, 1778; reported deceased. 

Allen, William. Lieutenant, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Lieut. Col. IMward 
Symmes's detachment of guards ; enlisted Fel). 26, 1778 ; discharged April 26, 
1778 ; service, 2 mos. 

Allen, William, Lanesborough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 15, 1778; 
Capt. Newhall's co., Col. Diamond's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 2 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Lanesborough. 

Allen, William, New Gloucester. Private, Capt. Benjamin Parker's co., Col. Nathan- 
iel Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 25, [probably 1778,] for service at Rhode Island ; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779- 

Allen, William. Captain, serving as Paymaster, Col. Israel Angell's (1st Rhode 
Island) regt.; pay abstracts for June and July, 1778. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted June 25. 1778; discharged Jan. 13, 1779; service at Rhode Island; 
roll sworn to at Boston; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17, 1778; 
also, muster roll dated Warwick, Nov. 7, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 5 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton and there did duty 
under Gen. Heath. 

Allen, William, Vineyard (also given Falmouth). Descriptive list of men enlisted 
from Barnstable Co. in 1779; Capt. Hill's co. ; age, 18 yrs.; stature. 5 ft. 5 in. ; 
complexion, light; residence. Vineyard; enlistment, 9 months; delivered to Col. 
Freeman. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. of guards; enlisted Oct. 15, 
1779; discharged Jan. 15, 1780; service, 3 mos., at Springfield. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted 
July 20, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days; enlistment, 3 
months. 

Allen, William. Private, Capt. Andrew Woodberry's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army; roll dated Gloucester; also, Capt. Micah Hamlen's co., Lieut. 
Col. Hallet's regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 12, 1780, to Oct. 30, 1780, 2 
mos. 20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, William, Cape Ann. Seaman, brigantine "Defence," commanded by Capt. 
John Edmonds; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated July 21, 1781; stature, 
5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; residence. Cape Ann. 



194 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allen, William. Gunner, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. H. Hacker; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the " Mellish " and "Active" [year not 
given] . 

Allen, "William, Bridgewater. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Allen, William, Westfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Moseley's, Capt. Kellogg's and Lieut. Sait's cos.. Col. Moseley's regt., 
dated Oct. 26, 1780; raised by order of Brig. Gen. Danielson, agreeable to resolve 
of June, 1780; enlistment, 3 months; also, descriptive list of enlisted men l)elong- 
ing to Hampshire Co. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, ."i ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, 
light; occupation, farmer; residence, Westlield; enlisted March 20, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Allen, Wright, Cape Elizabeth (also given Scarborough). Private, Capt. Abram 
Tyler's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's (31st) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at 
Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Feb. 28, 1776; reported on guard; also, Capt. 
Josiah Jenkins's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; muster return dated Camp at 
Valley Forge, Jan. 23, 1778; mustered by Maj. Insley; reported transferred to 
Capt. Watkins's co. ; also, Capt. A. Williams's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Allen, Wright, Medway. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 28 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Medway; arrived at Springfield 
July 8, 1780 ; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. Jackson of 
the artillery; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Medway for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 2, 1780 ; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1780; service, 6 mos. 10 days. 

Allen, Wright. Private, Capt. John Hayward's co., Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
23, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 18 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allen, ZACCHErs, Falmouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., whicli marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Allen, Zabok. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloper's co., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Nov. 5, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 22 days; stationed at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allen, Zebediah, Athol. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Nye's (1st) co., Col. Nathan 
Sparhawk's (7th Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated 
Barre; commissioned May 14, 1777; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Lord's co.. 
Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted Aug. 31, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 10 days, at the taking of Gen. Burgoyne; allowance made fen- travel 
from Tarrytown to Athol. 

Allen, Zebulon. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Lord's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
pay abstract for rations from Aug. 31, 1777, to Oct. 12, 1777; service in Northern 
department. Roll dated Scarsdeal. 

Allen, Zenas. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Cary's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 
1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allen, Zeiubbabel. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Pros- 
pect Hill, July 16, 1775, under Col. Loammi Baldwin. 

Allen, Zerubbabel, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co., Col. Moses 
Little's (17th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 5 days; also, company return [probal)ly Oct., 1775] ; age, 17 yrs.; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 
25, 1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 195 

Allen, Zoheth (also given Zeath) . Private, Lieut. John Kilburn's co.. Col. Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) rest.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 16, 1780; service, 
6 days, on an alarm at Vermont by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Allenso.v, James, Taunton. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; 
birthplace, France ; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, 
dark ; residence, Taunton ; enlisted Feb. 15, 1781 ; joined Capt. Luke Day's co., 
Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, during war; also, Private, 
Capt. Day's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for June, Jul.v and Aug., 
1781 ; reported on command with Col. Scamel; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, 
dated Camp Continental Village; reported on command with Col. Scamel; also, 
muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Allenwood, Samuel, Amherst. Capt. Archelaus Towne's co., Col. Bridge's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 6, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 7, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days. 

ALLENwoon, Samuel, Cape Ann. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Childs's co. ; 
age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, dark ; occupation, mar- 
iner; residence, Cape Ann; rank. Private; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; joined Capt. 
Edes's CO., Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Private, 
Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. James Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; also, Capt. Watson's (Light Infan- 
try) CO., Col. Wesson's (9th) regt.; return of clothing for 1780; reported taken 
prisoner Dec. 28, [year not given] . 

Allertox, Amos, Shirley. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; enlisted for town of Littleton. 

Alles, Aaron, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Watson's co., Col. James Wesson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Alles, John, Lee. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Lee for service in 
the Continental Army during 1780; marched Jul}' 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 6, 
1780 ; service, 5 mos. 12 days. 

Alles, Lucius. Private, Capt. Thomas French's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern de- 
partment. 

Alleson, Joseph. Master; list of prisoners [year not given]. 

Allexaxder, James. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. William Lithgow's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 18 days, 
at the Eastward. 

Allexander, John (probably Wilmington). List of men credited with turns of ser- 
vice on the Crown Point expedition, July 24, 1776; hired by Capt. Thompson 
and Enoch Kendal. 

Allexander, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. William Lithgow's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 1, 1779; ser%-ice, 1 mo. 18 days, at 
the Eastward. 

Allexander, William. Drummer; receipt for 3 months wages dated Dec. 27, 1783; 
service in 2d co. 

Allexanders, Peter. List of men raised by the Committee of Safety to reinforce 
Northern army, Aug. 15, 1777. 

Alley, . [This name also appears under the form of Alhey, Ally.] 

Alley, Abxer, Lynn. Private, Capt. William Farrington's (2d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2 days. 



196 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alley, Bahxet. Private, Capt. Allen McLane's co., Lieut. Col. John Parke's regt. ; 

pay roll for service from July 81, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778. 

Alley, Ephuaim, Lynn. List of men who served as i)rivates at Concord battle and 
elsewhere, belon.King to Lynn, now called Lynn, Lynnfield and Saugus; also, 
Matross, Capt. Jonathan W. Edes's (ith) eo., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) 
regt.; enlisted May 20, 1776; discharged Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 16 days. 

Alley, Ephraim. Seaman, brigantine "Tj-rannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged June 2, 1779; discharged June 23, 1779; service, 21 days. 

Alley, Ephraim, Boothbay (also given Buxton). Private, Capt. Israel Davis's co.. 
Col. Joseph Fry's regt.; marched Ainil 2, 1776; roll made up to Dec. 5, 1776; 
service at Boothbay; also, I^ieut. Nathaniel Winslow's co. ; pay roll for service 
from Dec. 5, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 26 days, at Boothl)ay; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Andrew McFarland's co., 3d Lincoln 
Co. regt., dated Ma.v 7, 1777 ; also, Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; Continental 
Arm}' pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Israel Davis's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated 
Camp at Valley Forge ; reported sick ; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated 
Camp Greenwich; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Providence; also. 
Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Christopher Woodbridge ; muster roll for 
March and April, 1779; reported transferred to Ca])t. Daniel Pillsbnry's (Light 
Infantry) co. ; also, Cai)t. Pillsbnry's co.. Col. Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 1, 
1780 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alley, James, Lynn. Private, Capt. Joseph Killer's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt.; enlisted May '>, 1777; discharged July 5, 1777; service, 2 mos. 6 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Providence, 11. I. 

Alley, Johx, Haverhill. Capt. Moses McFarland's co., Col. John Nixon's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Camljridge, July 10, 1775; also. Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 28, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 11 days ; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775; also, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. 
Col. Titcomb's regt. ; enlisted April 27, 1777; discharged June 27, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Providence, It. I. 

Alley, Jonx. Private, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 26, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; company detached 
to guard and fortify forts in and about Boston. 

Alley, Joseph, Lynn. Private, Capt. Ezra Newhall's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 17 days; also, Capt. Newhall's co., Col. Israel 
Mansfield's (later Hutchinson's) 19th regt.; order for advance pay dated Cam- 
bridge, June 8, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Nov. 4, 
1775; also, Matross, Capt. John W. Pldes's (4th) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; enlisted May 20, 1776; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1776. 

Alley, Joseph, Lynn. Sailor, brigantine "Rover," commanded by Capt. Adam 
Wellman; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 30, 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Lynn. 

Alley, Joshua, Boothl)ay. Private, Capt. Timothy I,angdon's co. ; enlisted July 12, 
1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 4 days, at Boothbay; also, receipt 
for wages paid by Maj. Dunimer Sewall, dated Nov. 10, 1775; also. Corporal, 
Capt. Israel Davis's co.. Col. Joseph Fry's regt. ; enlisted April 2, 1776 ; discharged 
Sept. 15, 1776; service at Boothbay. 



IN thp: war of the revolution. 197 

Alley, Nathan, Lynn. List of men who served as privates at Concord battle and 
elsewhere, l)elonging to Lynn, now called Lynn, Lynnfield and Sauf^s; also, 
Matross, Capt. Jonathan W. Edes's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; 
abstract for advance pay dated July 23, 1776; also. Gunner, Capt. Edes's (4th) 
CO., Col. Crafts's regt. ; enlisted May 20, 1776; roll made up to Nov. I, 1776. 

Alley, Otis, Falmouth. Muster Master's receipt dated Wells, Aug. 19, 1782; resi- 
dence, Falmouth ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alley, Peter. Seaman, brigantine "Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; 
engaged June 12, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, "2 mos. 20 days. 

Allford, Elijah. -Private, Lieut. Benjamin Chamberlin's co.. Col. John Brown's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 3 days, on an 
alarm at Bennington. 

Allford, John. Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Nov. 4, 
1775. 

Allford, John Hall. Descriptive list of men enlisted by Capt. Perkins, dated Jan. 
11, 1781; age, 32 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, fair; rank. Sergeant; 
enlisted March 10, 1777; joined Capt. John Slueman's co.,3d Artillery regt. ; dis- 
charged March 10, 1780; also, Sergeant, Capt. Slewman's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Allice, John. Private, Capt. Asa Coburn's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; 
muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; enlisted April 3, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; reported 
on command at the Lines. 

Allien, James. Private, Capt. Robert Swan's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted 
April 18, 1777; discharged May 12, 1777; service, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Bristol, R. I. Roll dated Stoughton. 

Allien, Thomas, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Robert Swan's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's 
regt.; enlisted June 13, 1776 ; discharged June 16, 1776; service, 3 days; marched 
to Squantum (the Moon) when the British fleet had left harbor of Boston; also, 
pay roll for service from April 18, 1777, to May 12, 1777, 24 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Allin, Aaron. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; en- 
listed Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Dec. 28, 1776; service, 22 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Allin, Abijah. Sergeant, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 
enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 6 mos. 4 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17, 1778; 
also, muster roll dated North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 
1, 1779. 

Allin, Amasa, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Timothy Parker's co.. Col. Warner's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Allin, Amos. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged May 20, 1777; service, 25 days; ordered to 
Saratoga by Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Allin, Amos. Private, Capt. Thomas French's co.. Col. David "Wells's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern department. 

Allin, Amos. Capt. David Goodwin's co., Col. Cogswell's regt.; enlisted Sept. 13, 
1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 20 days, in guarding and fortify- 
ing posts in and about Boston. 



198 3IASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allin, Amos. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Col. Ezra Wood's rept. ; pay roll 
for Sept., 1778; reported sick at liospital, not joined since ninster; also, order 
for wages for 8 mos. service dated New Marll)orougli, Nov. 1, 1779. 

Allin, Apom.os, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 26 
days. 

Allin, Asa, Tyringham. Private, Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. J. Brewer's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; service, 2 mos. 19 days. 

Allin, ArorsTixE, Vineyard. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; resi- 
dence. Vineyard ; enlisted for town of Falmouth ; joined Col. Bradford's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Allin, Benjamin, Petersham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Asa How's and Capt. Wing Spooner's cos., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated 
Dec. 30, 1777; joined Capt. Clark's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Allin, Caleb, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Martin's co., Col. Learned's regt. ; company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775; reported served in place of Asa Humphra of Stur- 
bridge. 

Allin, Caleb. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; en- 
listed Dec. 10, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 28, 1776 ; service, 22 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Allin, Charles. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. ; Capt. Allen's co.. Col. 
Wigglesworth's regt.; mustered between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778, by 
Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Allin, Daniel, Ilallowell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Joseph North's (2d Lincoln Co.) regt.; dated Gardner's Town, Feb. 2, 1778; en- 
listment, 3 years. 

Allix, David, Wilbraham. Paj' roll for 6 months men raised b}' the town of Wil- 
braham for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched Jul}^ 3, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 17, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 21 days ; reported deserted. 

Allin, David. Petition dated Boston, Sept. 26, 1780, requesting that said Allin be 
appointed commander of schooner " Cato ; " commissioned Sept. 26, 1780. 

Allin, Davis, Beverl.y. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d 
Beverly co., Essex Co. regt., dated Fel). 13, 1778 ; joined Capt. Fairchild's co., 
Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allin, Davis, Andover. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not given]. 

Allin, Ebenezer, Conway. Private, Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 9 days. 

Allin, Ebenezek. Seaman, l)rigantine " Rising Empire," commanded by Capt. 
Richard Whellen; engaged May 15, 1776; discharged Sept. 3, 1776; service, 3 
mos. 19 days. 

Allin, Elihu, Sandisfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Ashley's regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Allin, Elijah. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Col. How's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 
1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 27 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allin, Elijah. Private, Capt. Elias Pratt's co. ; pay roll for service from April 12, 
1779, to July 1, 1779, 2 mos. 19 days, at Rutland. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 199 



Allin, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 177G; discharired Jan. 20, 1777; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Allin, Elisha. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Jan. 20, 1777; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Ai.LiN, Elisha. Sergeant, Capt. "William Greenleaf's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted Ang. 22, 1777 ; discharged Ang. 26, 1777 ; service, 4 days. 

Allix, Emmons, "Wilbraham. Pay roll for 6 months men raised ?)v tlie town of AVil- 
braham for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 3, 1780; 
discliarged Jan. 3, 1781; service, 6 mos. 19 days. 

Allin, Enoch. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Jennings's co., Col. David "Wells's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 31 days, on an expedi- 
tion to the Northward. 

Allin, Ephraim, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co., Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177") ; enlisted April 26, 1775 ; service, 3 
mos. 1 week, 6 days; also, company return [probaljly Oct., 1775]. 

Allin. Erastus. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 28, 1777; service, 20 days; ordered 
to Fort Edward by Maj. Gen. Schuyler. 

Allin, Ezra. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Berkshire Co. regt. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 
1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos.; enlistment, 3 months; marched 
to Manchester, '\'t., thence to Allington, thence to Stillwater, by order of Gen. 
Lincoln ; joined Gen. John Ashley's regt., and marched to Botton Rills [ ?] . 

Allin, Ezra. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; arrived 
in camp July 5, 1778; discharged Jan. 27, 1779; service, 7 mos. 12 days, at North 
River, N. Y. ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, order for wages dated Continental 
Village, Jan. 27, 1779. 

Allin, Jacob. Fifer, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Jan. 20, 1777; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Allin, Jacob. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1779; discharged 
May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos. 1 day, at Boston. 

Allin, Jacob, Manchester. 1st Lieutenant, ship "Pilgrim," commanded by Capt. 
Joseph Robinson ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 2, 1780 ; age, 28 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Manchester. 

Allin, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joseph Pettingill's co., Col. James Wesson's regt.; re- 
ported deserted [year not given] . 

Allin, James, York. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Nowell's co.. Col. Scammon's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Allin, Jason, Western. Private, Capt. Danforth's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Allin, John. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Kingsbery's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt.; 
service, 21 days ; roll dated Providence, Jan. 20, 1777. 

Allin, John, Hatfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Josh. Woodbridge's co., dated April 5, 1779; joined Capt. Day's co.. Col. Alden's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allin, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Nickerson's co., Maj. /. Winslow's regt. ; return 
of men in service 4 days in Sept., 1778 ; marched on an alarm at Bedford and 
Falmouth. 



200 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allin, John, Marblehead. Seaman, ship "Pilgrim," commanded hy Capt. Joseph 

llobinson ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aui:. 2, 1780; aj^e, 29 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, li.irht; residence, Marblehead. 

Allin, Jonathan. Private, Lieut. Eli Hermon's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) reirt. ; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 22 days; 
marched to Fort Ann, N. Y. 

Allin, Jonathan. Private, Lieut. Samuel Warner's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. ITi, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 24, 1777 ; service, 10 
days; marched to Bennington at time of battle; aho, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., 
Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 30 
days; ordered to Stillwater by Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Allin, Jonathan. Capt. Williams's co., r2th regt. ; enlisted Juh' 26, 1779; discharged 
April 26, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Allin, Jonathan, New Marlborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. CoUer's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Allen's 
CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Allin, Jos'h. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt.; 
enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 9, 1776; service, 5 days; marched to 
Squantum on an alarm. 

Allin, Joseph. Private, Capt. Jesse Bradley's co., Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted 
June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 27 days. 

Allin, Joseph. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 27 days. 

Allin, Joseph, Rehobolh. Private, Capt. Stephen Bullock's co., Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged Sept. 10, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Allin, Justvs, Washington. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Wash- 
ington for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Nov. 5, 1780; 
discharged May 5, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 5 daj-s. 

Allin, Moses, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 
days. 

Allin, Moses. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
11, 1779; discharged Sept. 12, 1779; service, 2 days, on an alarm at Falmouth by 
order of Brig. Otis. 

Allin, Nathan, Western. Private, Capt. Danforth's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Allin, Nathan. Private, Capt. Noah Lankton's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 24 days; 
marched to Kingsbury by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. Roll dated Tyringham. 

Allin, Nathan. Private, Capt. Simeon Cole's co., Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted March 
6, 1781; discharged March 15, 1781, by order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln; service, 10 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 40 days levies. 

Allin, Philemon. Private, Capt. Michael G. Iloudin's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(5th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point ; enlisted Aug. 13, 1780 ; 
enlistment, 6 months. 

Allin, Phineas, Oxford. Private, Capt. Curtiss's co.. Col. Learned's regt. ; cunii)any 
return dated lloxbury, Oct. 7, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 201 

Allin, Richard, Beverly. Seaman, ship "Pilgrim," commanded by Capt. Joseph 
Robinson ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 2, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; residence, Beverly. 

Allix, Robert, Cambridge. Captain, 7th co., Col. Ichabod Alden's regt. [year not 
given] ; reported never joined. 

Allin, Ruel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 4, 1777; service, 1 mo., 
in Northern department. 

Allin, Russell, Springfield. Private, Capt. Nathan Roule's (Rowley's) co.. Col. John 
Jacobs's regt. ; "enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 
5 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Allin, Samuel. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 4 days, at the Northward by 
order of Gen. Horatio Gates. 

Allin, Samuel, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1778; discharged March 31, 1778; service, 3 mos., on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allin, Seth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nickerson's co., Maj. Z. Winslow's regt.; re- 
turn of men in service for 6 days in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bed- 
ford and Falmouth. 

Allin, Simeon. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 24 
days; marched to Pawlet by order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln. 

Allin, Solomon. Gunner, Capt. Joseph Balch's (1st) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Ar- 
tillery) regt. ; pay roll for 2 mos. 24 days service to Aug. 1, 1777 ; also, pay roll 
for service from Aug. 1, 1777, to Oct. 1, 1777. 

Allin, Solon (also given Solomon). Capt. Timothy Barnard's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt. ; order for boimty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 
2, 1775. 

Allin, Stephen, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Barnes's co., Col. "Ward's regt.; com- 
pany return [probaljly Oct., 1775]. 

Allin, Thomas. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 
enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 6 mos. 4 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster rolls 
dated East Greenwich, Sept. and Oct., 1778; also, muster roll dated North King- 
ston, Nov., 1778 ; reported detailed cutting wood. 

Allin, Timothy. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 17 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Allin, Wallet. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt.; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, and Jan., 1779; en- 
listment, during war. 

Allin, AVilliam. List of men mustered agreeable to resolve of June 27, 1775, to de- 
fend the sea coast in Essex Co., and stationed at Gloucester; returned Sept. 
16, 1775, by Michael Farley, Muster Master; Lieut. Joseph Lane's co. 

Allin, William. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co. ; pay abstract for Feb. and 
March, dated Long Island, Maj* 15, 1776. 



202 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAn.ORS 

Allin, "Wii^liam, Vineyard. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) re.fft., dated June 10, 1777; resi- 
dence, Vineyard; enlisted for town of Falmouth; joined Capt. Turner's co., Col. 
Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allix, William. Capt. Francis's co., 10th regt.; enlisted Aug. 11, 1779; discharged 
May 11, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Allin, Wright, Cape j;iizabeth (also given Scarlmrough). Private, Capt. Samuel 
Dunn's co.. Col. Edmund Thinney's regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment. 
May 6, 1775, to date of marching to headquarters, July 11, 1775, equivalent to 66 
daj's; also, company return [probably' Oct., 1775]. 

Alline, Johx. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co., commanded by Lieut. Cheever, 
Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., in 1776; re- 
ported made up by Capt. Cogswell. 

Alling, John. Descriptive list, dated Boston, June 16, 1780, of officers and crew of the 
ship "Aurora" (privateer), commanded by Capt. David Porter; age, 19 yrs.; 
stature, 4 ft. 6 in. 

Alling, Phineas. Receipt for bounty paid him by Aaron Warren, chairman of Class 
No. 4 for the town of Westborough, to serve in the Continental Army for the term 
of 3 years, dated Springfield, June 26, 1782; also, Private, Capt. Mason Wottle's 
CO., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's regt. ; return of men in service from May 21, 1782, 
to Dec. 31, 1782. 

Alling, Seth, Halifax. Pay roll for 6 montlis men raised by the town of Halifax for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Juh-5, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 19, 1780; service, 5 mos. 26 days. 

Alling, Wright. Capt. Samuel Dunn's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; order for 
bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 1, 1775. 

Allinson, . [This name also appears under the form of Aleinson, Alenson, Allen- 
son, Allison.] 

Allinson, James, Taunton. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated March 8, 1781 ; 
10th CO., 3d regt.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; hair, 
black ; eyes, black ; residence, Taunton ; engaged to march to join Ccl. William 
Shepard at Springfield with Ebenezer Crocker, Conductor; enlistment, during 
war. 

Allinson, James. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; 
complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, laborer ; enlisted for town of Taunton, 
Feb. 5, 1781 ; joined Capt. Day's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Alliot, Jacob. Corporal, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; pay 
abstract for May, 1776. 

Alliot, Jonathan. Capt. Isaac Sherman's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Sewall's Point, 
Dec. 26, 1775. 

Allis, . [This name also appears under the form of Ales, Alice, Alles, Allice, 

Ellis.] 

Allis, Aakon, Deerfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men returned by Maj. David 
Dickinson, July 24, 1780; 1st or 9th co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt.; age, 17 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, l)lue; residence. Deer- 
field ; joined Capt. Isaac Newton's co. ; enlistment, 3 months ; also. Private, Capt. 
Isaac Newton's co.. Col. Seth Murray's ( Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 19, 
1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 1 day; company raised to rein- 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 203 

ALUS, Aaron", continued. 

force Continental Army ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, liiiht; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, 
Deerfield; enlisted March 27, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allis, Abel. Private, Capt. Thomas French's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; service, 

10 days, Ijetween Sept. 23, 1777, and Oct. 18, 1777, in Northern department. 

Allis, Eber, Deerfield. Private, Capt. Jonas Lock's co., Col. Williams's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Allis, John. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's (6th) co., 5th Hampshire Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Deerfield, April 22, 1776 ; commis- 
sioned May 3, 1776. 

Allis, John. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co , Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) 
regt. ; return of men in service from March 1, 1781, to Dec. 31, 1781. 

Allis, John, Deerfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 
1 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Deerfield; 
enlisted April 3, 1781 ; joined Capt. Turner's (also given Capt. Jonathan Felt's) 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 
Capt. Asa Coburn's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, 
dated West Point; reported on command at Dobbs's Ferry; also, muster rolls for 
June and July, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Xov., 1781, dated York Hutts ; 
also, Lieut. Levi Parker's (8th) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for 
Dec, 1781; also, Capt. Jonathan Felt's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster 
rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Allis, Julius. Private, Capt. Thomas French's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Xorthern department. 

Allis, Moses, Hatfield (also given Montague) . Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. 
John Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 18, 1775 ; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Moses Harvey's (5th) 
CO., 6th Hampshire Co. regt., dated March 5, 1778 ; enlisted for town of Montague ; 
joined Capt. Ephraim Cleveland's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Allis, Russell. Private, Capt. Salmon AVliite's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 4 days, in Xorthern de- 
partment ; marched by order of Gen. Horatio Gates. 

Allis, Stephen. Private, Capt. James Walsworth's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 

11 days, at Xew London. 

Allis, William, Montague. Private, Capt. Thomas Grover's co., Col. Williams's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; also, Capt. 
Rolaert Oliver's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay 
dated Charlestown, June 27, 1775; also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 
6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Winter Hill, Nov. 18, 1775. 

Allis, Zebediah, Montague. Private, Capt. Thomas Grover's co.. Col. Williams's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 18 days ; also, Capt. 
Asahel Gunn's co., Col. David AVells's regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 nio. 1 day. 

Allison, . [This name also appears under the form of Alleson, Allinson.] 

Allison, James. Capt. Day's co.. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; discharged June 
10, 1783, by Gen. Washington, enlistment having expired. 



204 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Allisox, Plato. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. "Williams ; 
engaged March 8, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 9 days; re- 
ported a negro. 

Allit, Jacoh. Corporal, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; 
return of men for advance pay for Jan., 1776; also, pay abstract for Feb., 1776. 

Allock, Ahkaham, Boston. Bombardier, Capt. Foster's co., Col. Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Allon, Daniel, AVinthrop. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army ; joined 
Capt. Lemont's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Allon, Isaac, Manchester. Private, Capt. Wiley's co., Col. Sargent's (28th) regt. ; 
companj' return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Allon, Jeremiah, Manchester. Private, Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Sargent's (28th) regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Allon, Jereaiiah, Manchester. Private, Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Sargent's (28th) regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775], 

Allon, Samuel, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Samuel Bliss's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Allon, Samuel, Rehoboth. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's and Capt. 
Isaac Burr's co., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Allord, Andrew, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., wliicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge ; service, 10 days. 

Allord, Andrew, Holden. Private, Capt. Pierce's co., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1777, to Sept. 1, 1777; reported 
died Sept. 1, 1777; alfso, Capt. AVilliam Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster 
roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted May 15, 1777; reported 
left in hospital at Holden. 

Allot, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Pearson's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 16, 1781; discharged Dec. 8, 1781; service, 3 mos. 4 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; regiment raised in Essex and Plymoutli counties. 

Allton, Benjamin, Charlton. Sergeant. Capt. Samuel Curtis's (South Charlton) co., 
which marched on the alarm of Ai)ril 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; also. Lieutenant, 
Capt. Abijah Lamlj's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt.; enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; 
service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Providence, R. I. ; 
also, Captain, Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted June 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 
10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at West Point; enlistment, 3 months. 

Allton, Joseph. Private, Capt. Jabez Barney's co.. Col. Drury's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
14, 1781; discharged Nov. 24, 1781; service, 3 mos. 21 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Allvord, John (also given Jonathan), Lanesborough. Private, Major's co.. Col. 
Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780. 

Ally, — amakin. List of prisoners at Prospect Hill, Dec. 17, 1777; confined by Capt. 
Mayo 2 days for knocking down a sentry and taking away his gun ; reported 
belonged to 9th regt. 

Ally, Ei-hraim, Ipswicli. List of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the terra of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 31, 1778; returned by Brig. Gen. 
Jonathan Warner. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 205 

Ally, John. Quartermaster ; receipt for rations for Col. Walker's regt., dated Rox- 
bury, July 29, 1775. 

Ally, John. Capt. Moses McFarland's co., Col. John Nixon's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Ally, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 80, 1777; service, 3 mos. 29 days, on an expedi- 
tion to the Northward. 

Allyx, Asa. Landsman, sloop "Winthrop," commanded ?>y Capt. George Little; 
engaged March 18, [year not given] . 

Allyx, Jabez. Private, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. .John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 17^1, dated West Point; enlisted July 18, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Allyx, Jacob. Corporal, Lieut. Samuel Brown's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, R. J., and there did duty 
under Gen. Heath. 

Allyx, Jacob. Private, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster rolls for Jan. -May, 1781, dated West Point; reported a wagoner; 
also, muster rolls for June, July and Aug., 1781 ; reported a wagoner. 

Allyx-, Johx. Capt. Selah Heart's co.. Col. Walcut's regt. ; receipt for 2 months 
wages in 1775. 

Allyx, Johx. Quartermaster Sergeant; receipt for rations for Col. Walker's regt., 
dated Roxbury, July 30, 1775. 

Allyx, Johx. Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's (22d) regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Allyx, Johx, Rehoboth. Sergeant, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at Hull, June 21, 1776 ; also, pay 
roll for 2 mos. 23 days service previous to Aug. 1, 1776 ; also, pay rolls for 4 
mos. service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776; also, petition for payment and 
increase of wages dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men ; age, 30 (also given 28) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; 
hair, dark; occupation, farmer ; residence, Rehoboth ; enlisted Feb., 1777; joined 
Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, during 
war; also. Sergeant, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster 
rolls for Jan.-May, 1781, dated West Point; reported sick in quarters in May, 
1781 ; also, muster rolls for June, July and Aug., 1781 ; reported on command at 
West Point; also, muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts; also, 
register of furloughs ; leave of absence given by Col. Brooks to go from West 
Point to Rehoboth, March 7, 1782, for 30 days. 

Allyx, Joxathax. Surgeon's Mate, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. 
Allen Hallet; engaged Jan. 26, 1779. 

Allyx, Samuel. Private, Lieut. Samuel Brown's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, between Aug. 1 and Aug. 8, 1780, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 
marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, R. I., and there did duty under Gen. Heath. 

Allyn, William. Capt. Hodges's co.; receipt for wages for Nov., 1776, dated Dor- 
chester. 

Alm, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; en- 
listed May 29, 1776; service, 1 mo. 20 days, at Hull. 

Almero, . [This name also appears under the form of Almera, Elmero.] 



206 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AxMEBO, Stephen, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Lillie's co., 
Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; ape, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; com- 
plexion, fair; residence, Boston; enlisted by Capt. Lillie, May, 1780; enlistment, 
during war. 

AiMET, Pkixce, Dartmouth. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June ">, 1780; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, negro ; residence, Dartmouth ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Thomas Pritchard. 

Almoqiit, John, Dartmouth. Private, Major's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 14, 1777, to March 18, 1778 ; reported 
died March 18, 1778; also, return of men in Capt. Soper's (4th) co.. Col. Mar- 
shall's regt., in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Alms, Andreas. Private; list of men in Col. Armand's Legion, July, 1778. (Inde- 
pendent CO. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778.) 

Alimy, . [This name also appears under the form of Almey, Amey.] 

Almy, Anthony. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; ser- 
vice, 29 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Dartmouth to How- 
land's Ferry, R. I., to repel the British forces which arrived at Newport, Dec. 7, 
1776 ; also, Capt. Willcox's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 30 days, on a secret expedition to 
Rhode Island. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Aljiy, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin AVillcox's co. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
29 daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched from Dartmouth to Rowland's 
Ferry, R. I., to repel the British forces which arrived at Newport, Dec. 7, 1776. 

Almy, Prince, Dartmouth. Pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Dart- 
mouth for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 9, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 7, 1780; service, 6 mos. 10 days. 

Almt, William. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co.. Col. Natlianiel Freeman's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 30 days, on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Almy, William. Private, Capt. William Hick's co.. Col. John Ilathaway's (2d Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Almt, William. Petition requesting that said Almy be appointed commander of 
sloop " Chance " (priA'ateer) ; commissioned April 10, 1780. 

Alpano, John. Seaman, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded !)}• Capt. John 
Lambert; engaged Jan. 18, 1778. 

Alstren, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Richardson's co. ; list of men taken from the 
Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutchinson of the 27th regt. ; reported taken prisoner 
at Fort Washington; list dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776. 

Alsup, Joseph. Fifer, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnalia'S Sears's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 2 days; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

Alsvvirth, Arthur, Sheffield. Fifer, Capt. Beacon's co.. Col. Fellows's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day. 

Alsworth, Christopher, Salem. Boy, brig •' Prospect," commanded by Capt. Joseph 
Vesey ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 20, 1781; age, 14 yrs.; 
stature, 4 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, dark ; occupation, cooper; residence, Salem. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 207 



Als-\vorth, Teleg. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. ; Capt. Satterly's co., Col. 
Hazen's regt. ; mustered between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778, by Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Alten, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 15, 1777; service, 26 days; 
marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. 

Alting, Isaac, Framingham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; 
age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; eyes, light ; occu- 
pation, laborer; residence, Framingham; enlisted March 13, 1782; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Alton, . [This name also appears under the form of Allen, Allton, Alten, Alting.] 

Alton, Benjamin, Charlton. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Nickall's (2d Charlton) co., 
5th Worcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 4, 
1776; also, Lieutenant, Capt. Henry Clark's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 3, 1778; discharged Feb. 21, 1778; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at North 
Kingston, R. I.; also, Captain, Col. Davis's (5th Worcester Co.) regt.; commis- 
sioned Feb. 19, 1780. [Also given Benjamin Allen.] 

Altredge, George, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Nutting's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days. 

Altridge, George, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Nutting's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Alvain, . [This name also appears under the form of Ahvain.] 

Alvain, John. Capt. Cogswell's co.. Col. Wesson's (9th) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 
1779 ; discharged May 12, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Alvard, Aaron, Wilbraham. Sergeant, Capt. James Warriner's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days. 

Alvard, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co.. Col. David Leonard's 
regt. ; enlisted Feb. 25, 1777 ; discharged April 10, 1777 ; marched on an expedi- 
tion to Ticonderoga. 

Alvard, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; discharged Aug. 25, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
7 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Belcherto\vn. 

Alvard, Elijah. Private, Capt. Benson's co , Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from April 24, 1780, to Oct. 24, 1780 ; reported deseited 
Oct. 24, 1780. 

Alvard, John, Lanesborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated 
Jan., 1781 ; Capt. Sewall's co., 2d regt. ; enlisted May 15, 1777, by Capt. Warren ; 
enlistment, during war. 

Alvard, Josiah, Jr., Montague. Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Grover's co., Col. Wil- 
liams's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 18 days; 
also, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; enlisted Feb. 25, 
1777 ; discharged April 10, 1777 ; marched to Ticonderoga. 

Alvard, Samuel, Northampton. Private, Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Alvard, Timothy, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service. 3 mos. 
12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 18, 1775; also, Drummer, Capt. 



208 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Ai-VAun, Timothy, continued. 

Benson's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army nay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 14, 1780. 

Alvart, Josiah. Private, Capt. William Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 6 days; marched from 
"Windsor to Shaftsbury by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Alvart, Lutheu, South Hadley. Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co., Col. Woodbridge's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775; also, Coriwral; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos. 

Alverd, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days; 
company raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Alverd, Jonathan (also given John), Lanesborough. Private, 6th co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 18, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; also, Capt. Isaac Warren's co., Col. Bailey's regt.; return of men dated 
Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Alverd, Josiah, Jr., Sunderland. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Moses Harvey's (5th) co., 
Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; return of men in service 
Dec. 30, 1778 ; enlisted May 10, 1776. Roll dated Warwick. 

Alverd, Timothy, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days ; also. Drummer, Capt. El)enezer Strong's co.. Col. Sears's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 10, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 
10 days, at Saratoga; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781. 

Alverson, . [This name also appears under the form of Olverson.] 

Alversox, David, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co., Col. Timotliy 
Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 8 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Alverson, George, Medway (also given Bellingham). Private, Capt. Joshua Par- 
tridge's CO., Col. John Smith's regt., whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 10 days; also, Corporal, Capt. Samuel Coblj's co., Col. Joseph 
Read's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 1 day; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Alverson, Simon, Holliston. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co.. Col. Samuel 
Denny's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 28, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 6 
days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Alverson, William. Private, Capt. Thomas Olney's co., Col. Jabez Boweii's regt.; 
pay roll for 13 days service from May 22, 1777, to June 3, 1777; rc])ortcd serving 
at Pawtuxet in 5th division of Col. Boweu's regt., under Capt. Joinvthan Russell. 

Alvori), . [This name also appears under the form of Alford, Alfred, Alvard, 

Alvart, Alverd, Alword, Allford, Allvord, Olford, Olvard, Olverd.] 

Alvord, Azariah. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. James (also given Moses) Montague's (2d) 
CO., Col. Porter's (4th Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned May 28, 1778 ; also, Capt. Job Alvord's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 4, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
15 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Alvord, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co.. Col. Dickinson's regt., com- 
manded l)y Maj. Jonathan Clajjp ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged July 23, 1777; 
service, 14 days, on an alarm at Ticonderoga. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 209 

Alvokd, Daniel, Northampton. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co. ; enlisted Aug. 
17, 1777; service, 7 days; marched to East Iloosac on an alarm; also, Capt. 
Lyman's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 
1777; service, .30 days, on an expedition to Stillwater and Saratoga; also, de- 
scriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for the term of 9 months from 
the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 16, 1778 ; Capt. Cook's co.. Col. Chapin's 
regt.; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, black; residence, North- 
ampton ; also, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., 2d Hampshire Co. regt. ; pay roll for 
2 days service at Northampton June 16 and 17, 1782, hy order of Elisha Porter, 
Sheriff. 

Alvord, Eleazeu, Northampton. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha 
Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 
1779 ; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at New London, Conn. ; also, descriptive list of men 
raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of months, agreeable to 
resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; 
residence, Northampton; arrived at Springfield June 26, 1780; marched to camp 
July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign Joseph Miller ; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Northampton for service in the Continental Army dur- 
ing 1780; marched July 27, 1780; discharged Dec. 4, 1780; service, 5 mos. 14 
days. 

Alvoed, Eliab, Northampton. Private, Capt. Jonathan Allen's co., Gen. Pomeroy's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 8 daj-s; reported enlisted into the army April 27, 1775; also, Capt. 
Allen's CO., Col. John Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 4 days; also, company return dated 
Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 7, 1775. 

Alvord, Elijah. Corporal, Capt. Enoch Noljle's co., Col. Ezra "Wood's regt. ; pay 
roll for Sept., 1778. 

Alvord, Elijah, Northampton. Private, Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted Dec. 20, 1777; joined Feb. 12, 1778; deserted 
Jan. 5, 1779; joined March 2, 1779; service, 29 mos. 13 days; deserted Jan. 1, 
1780; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb., 1778; mustered by Col. Wood- 
bridge. 

Alvord, Elijah. Capt. Henry Porter's (Northampton) co. ; return of men for clothing 
[year not given] . 

Alvord, Elijah. Private, Capt. Caleb Chapin's co. ; return of men for clothing [year 
not given] . 

Alvokd, Elisha. Private, Capt. Jonathan "Wales's co., Col. Dickenson's (Ham])shire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; service, 8 days; marched on an alarm to East 
Hoosuck, thence to Pittslield, thence guarded Hessian prisoners to Springfield, 
by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Alvord, Elisha. Capt. Henry Porter's (Northampton) co. ; return of men for clothing 
[year not given] . 

Alvord, Elisha, Jr. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Russell's 2d ("V'olunteer) co., 2d Hamp- 
shire Co. regt. ; pay roll for 6 days service against insurgents at Northampton, 
May 6, June 15, 16 and 17, 1782, at Springfield, June 12, 1782, and at Iladley, June 
13, 1782, by order of Elisha Porter, Sheriff. 

Alvord, Gad. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 24, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern department. 



210 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alvohd, Gad, Jr. Private, Lieut. Martin Waite's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc. ; marched to New Providence on an 
alarm at Bennington, Aug. 17, 1777; service, 4 days; also, muster roll sworn to 
in Hampshire Co., Jan. 6, 1778. 

Alvord, Gideox, South Hadley. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, 
in 1776 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Montague's 
CO., Col. Porter's regt., dated June 30, 1778; residence. South Hadley; enlisted 
for town of Northampton ; joined Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war; also, 2d co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from April 15, 1777, to July 1, 1778; 
reported discharged July 1, 1778; also, Capt. Josiah Smith's (3d) co.. Col. 
Marshall's regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Alvord, Jehiel, Northampton. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 
1777 ; service, 7 days ; marched on an alarm to East Hoosac. 

Alvord, Jesse. List of names on a wage account for 1778-1782 of Col. Marshall's and 
other regts. not identified ; reported discharged Dec. 15, 1779. 

Alvord, Jor. Captain, Col. William Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 1, 1779; rejiorted a supernumerary March 
1 (also given April 1), 1779; also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley Forge, May 
1, 1778; also, muster rolls for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1778, and March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; also. Col. Seth Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
July 4, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Alvord, John. Corporal, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co.. Col. Dickinson's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; service, 8 days; marched on an alarm at East 
Hoosuck, thence to Pittsfield, thence guarded Hessian prisoners to Springfield, 
by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Alvord, John, Lanesborough. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 
28, 1781; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, cord- 
wainer; residence, Lanesborough; rank, Private; enlisted May 15, 1777, by Capt. 
AVarren; joined Capt. Henry Sewall's co., 2d I'egt. ; enlistment, during war; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; 
joined Capt. Warren's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Alvord, John. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co., detached from Hampshire Co. 
militia. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1778 ; 
service, 6 mos. 1 day, guarding stores at Springfield and Brookfield; also, mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 28, 1778; reported on furlough. 

Alvord, John, South Hadley. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by Lieut. Col. 
R. Woodbridge, 4th Hampshire Co. regt.; Capt. Montague's co.. Col. Porter's 
regt. ; age, 19 3-ears ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; residence, South Hadley ; enlisted July, 
1780 ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, Private, Capt. Job Alvord's co., Col. S. Murraj^'s 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 11, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 
3 mos 8 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Alvoiu), Jonathan, Northampton. Private, Cajit. Jonathan Allen's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week, 1 day; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 
15, 1775; also, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; service, 7 days; 
marched on an alarm to East Hoosac. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION 211 

Alvord, Josiah, Jr., Montague (also given Sunderland). 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Moses 
Harvey's (5th) Montajrue co., 6th Hampshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned May 7, 1776 ; also, Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co., 
Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 1778; discharged Nov. 10, 1778; ser-vice, 
3 inos. 1 day, at Peekskill ; also, order for wages dated New Milford, 2d Hill, 
Oct. 28, 1778. 

AiiVOED, LrxHER, South Hadley. Private, Capt. Moses Montague's co., Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.5; service, 
8 days ; reported enlisted April 20, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775; also, Lieut. Martin Waite's co., 
Col. "Woodljridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc. ; marched to 
New Providence on an alarm at Bennington, Aug. 17, 1777 ; service, 4 days ; also, 
muster roll sworn to in Hampshire Co., Jan. 6, 1778 ; also, Capt. Enoch Chapin's 
CO., Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; enlisted Sept. 24, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; 
service, 1 mo., in Northern department. 

Alvoeu, Moses. Private, Capt. Eli Parker's co.. Col. Leonard's regt.; enlisted May 
8, 1777; discharged July 16, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days; ordered out to rein- 
force Continental Armj- at Ticonderoga. 

Alvoed, Moses, Granby. Descriptive list of enlisted men [year not given] ; Capt. 
Warner's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; age, 42 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; residence, 
Granby; enlistment, 9 months. 

Alvoed, Nathan. Private, Lieut. Martin Waite's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc. ; marched to New Providence on an 
alarm at Bennington, Aug. 17, 1777; service, 4 days; also, muster roll sworn to 
in Hampshire Co., Jan. 6, 1778. 

Alvoed, Nathan. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 24, 1777; discharged Oct. 11, 1777; service, 23 days, in Northern 
department. 

Alvoed, Noadiah, Sunderland. Descriptive list of enlisted men detached from 6th 
Hampshire Co. regt.; Capt. Seth Pierce's co.. Col. Seth Murray's regt.; age, 
16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Sunderland ; rank, 
Private; mustered July 17, 1780; enlistment, 3 months from time of arrival at 
Claverack ; list dated Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Seth Pierce's co.. Col. Seth 
Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 15, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 6 days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; roll dated 
Leverett; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 
Tin.; complexion, light ; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Sunderland ; 
enlisted March 27, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Alvoed, Phineas, Northampton. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May 25, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1776 ; company raised 
for defence of Boston. 

Alvoed, Phineas. Private, Capt. Simeon Clap's co., Col. David "Wells's regt. ; en- 
listed May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days, on an expe- 
dition to Ticonderoga ; enlistment, 3 months. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Alvord, Phineas. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co.. Col. Dickinson's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; service, 8 days ; marched on an alarm to East 
Hoosuck, thence to Pittsfield, thence guarded Hessian prisoners to Springfield, by 
order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Alvoed, Phineas. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 30 days, on an expedition to 
Stillwater and Saratoga. 



212 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Alvord, Phixeas. Private, Capt. Jonathan "Wales's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. l.i, 1777 ; service, 28 days ; marched to Still- 
water and Saratoga. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Alvord, Phineas. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at New London, Conn. 

Alvord, Phineas. Private, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas Sears's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781; discharged Nov. 8, 1781; service, 
3 mos. 2 days; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

Alvord, Phineas. Capt. Henry Porter's (Northampton) co. ; return of men for cloth- 
ing [year not given] . 

Alvord, Samuel, South Hadley (also given Northampton). Private, Capt. Moses 
Montague's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt., which marched April 20, 177o, 
in response to tlie alarm of April 19, 177"5 ; service, l;")! days ; also, Capt. Jona- 
than Allen's CO., Col. John Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 1 day; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 7, 1775 ; also, Lieut. 
Reuben Judd's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 
1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 39 days, with Northern army. 

Alvord, Selah, South Hadley. Private, Capt. James Hendrick's co., Col. Lovell's 
regt. ; pay abstract for rations to and from camp, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, 
Jan. 13, 1776; also, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Chesterfield, March 13, 1777; service 
with Northern army at Ticonderoga ; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Montague's or Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Porter's (4th 
Hampshire Co.) regt., dated June 30, 1778; joined Capt. Josiah Smith's (3d) co., 
Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also. Quarter- 
master Sergeant, 2d co., Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. .Jacol) Wales's co.. Col. 
Marshall's (10th) regt.; pay abstract for clothing for 1778; also, Capt. Samuel 
King's CO., Col. Marshall's regt.; muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, dated 
West Point ; reported transferred to the Colonel's co , Ajiril 1, 1779 ; also. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Marshall's regt.; muster roll for April, 1779, dated West Point. 

Alvord, Seth. Private, Capt. Nathan Wales's co., Col. Ezra May's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 15, 1777 ; service, 28 days ; marched to Stillwater 
and Saratoga. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Alvord, Thomas. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; service, G days ; marched from 
Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck, on an alarm in Aug., 1777. 

Alvord, Thomas G. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Thomas's co., Col. John Lamb's (2d 
Artillery) regt. ; muster rolls for Feb., Marcli and April, 1781, dated West Point; 
enlistment, during war; reported on command in Connecticut, in March, 1781. 

Alvord, Thomas Govld, Jr. Gunner, Capt. Joseph Thomas's co., Col. John Lamb's 
(2d Artillery) regt.; muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West 
Point ; enlistment, during war. 

Alvord, Timothy, Northampton. Drummer, Ca])t. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. 
Samuel Brewer's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Chesterfield, 
March 13, 1777; sers'ice with Northern army at Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Joshua 
Benson's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from June 27, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted Jan. 1, 1780, Init returned 
and completed 3 years term; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb., 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 213 

Alvord, William. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., 2d Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
pay roll for 3 days service from June lr>, 1782, to June 17, 1782. at Northampton, 
l)y order of Elisha Porter, Sheriff. 

Ai.wAix, William. Capt. Coirswell's co., Col. Wesson's (9th) regt.; enlisted Au,<;. 
12, 1779; discharired May 12, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Alwell, WiLLiA>r. Private, Capt. John Devereux's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 12, 1777; discharged Feb. 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 days, 
at Charlcstown. 

Alwood, W. 1st Lieutenant, schooner " Batclielor " (privateer), commanded by Capt. 
John Ha.ves; petition dated Feb. 26, 1778, asl^ing that John Hayes be commis- 
sioned as commander of said schooner. 

Alwori), Eleazek, Hampton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Alword, J. Captain, Col. Shepard's regt. ; return of officers for clothing allowed by 
order of General Court of March 13, 1778. 

Alxander, Jeduthan, Mai-lborough. Private, Capt. Cyprian How's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 7 days. 

Alxsaxdak, AVilliam. Capt. Thomas W. Foster's co., Col. Richard Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone}' [year not 
given] . 

Amadox, Caleb, Charlton. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Curtis's (South Charlton) co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Amadox, Ebex, Dudley. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Crafts's co.. Col. Larned's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 
12 days. 

Amadox, Joseph, Charlton. Private, Capt. Samuel Curtis's (South Charlton) co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days. 

Amadox, Philip. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Peter Penniman's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days, 
at the Northward. 

Amadox, Samuel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Caleb Whiting's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; resignation dated Douglas, May 29, 1780; accepted by 
Council, June 6, 1780. 

Amadowx, Ebexezer. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Warner's co.. Col. Ruggles Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
21 days, in Northern department. 

Amadowx, Roger, Douglas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wallis's co.. Col. Arnold's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days. 

Amas, Jacob. Capt. Charles Furbush's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 1, 1775. 

Ambot, Pexeuel, Sunderland. Private, Capt. John Packard's co., Col. David Brew- 
er's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 2 weeks; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. 
Packard's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt.; order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxburj-, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Ambrose, David. Seaman; list of prisoners exchanged from Port of Halifax by order 
of Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777 ; reported taken in a trading vessel. 



214 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ame, Jacob, Falmouth. Private, Capt. David Bradish's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt.; billetiiiic roll from date of enlistment, May 12, 1775, to date of marching 
to headquarters, July 8, 1775, equivalent to 57 days; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775. 

Amedon, Samvel. Lieutenant, Capt. Edward Seagraves's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted June 19, 1778; discharged July 12, 1778; service, 26 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Uxbridge. 

Amek, . [This name also appears under tlie form of Almey, Ame, Amj-, Aymy.] 

Amee, Jacoh. Private, Capt. Tobias Fernald's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
reported on command at Ticonderoga. 

Amee, Moses, Kittery. Private, Capt. Tobias Fernald's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
(30th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 23, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 
10 days ; also, order for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 1, 
Nov. 28, 1775; also, Capt. Fernald's co.. Col. Phinney's regt.; muster roll dated 
Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported died Nov. 
3, 1776. 

Amerdown, TiTrs, "\Vill)raham. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Amerman, Obadiah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-March, 1781, dated West Point ; enlist- 
ment, during war; reported deserted March 24, 1781. 

Amerrt, Jack. Capt. Gleason's co., 4th regt. ; receipt for wages for Sept., 1776. 

Amerson, Benjamin, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Lj'on's and Capt. Jesse Perrin's 
COS., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Ames, . [This name also appears under the form of Aamos, Aims, Ams, Aymes, 

Eames.] 

Ames, A . Private, Capt. William Fletcher's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 

enlisted Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 7 days, on an expedi- 
tion to Bennington. 

Ames, Aaron, Sudbury. Private, Capt. John Nixon's co., Col. Al)ijah Pierce's regt., 
which inarched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Ames, Aaron, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Ames, Ariel. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. Al)ijah Stearns's regt. ; 
enlisted May 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 2 days, at Castle Island. 

Ames, Ambrose. Private, Capt. John Ames's co., Maj.Eliphalet Carey's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Ames, Amos. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Laldn's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt.; 
muster roll dated North Kingston, Dec. 18, 1777; enlisted July 7, 1777; enlist- 
ment, 6 mouths; returned by Andrew Brown, Deput.v Muster Master; service 
at Rhode Island; also, muster roll for 2 mos. 25 days service from July 7, 1777, 
sworn to at Groton. 

Ames, Anthonv. Private, Capt. Andrew Lusk's co., Col. Jolin Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 13, 1777; service, 23 days, with Northern army. 

Ames, Benjamin, Rowley. Private, Capt. Edward Payson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 215 

Ames, Benjamin, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177"», to Cambridi^e ; service, 1^ days. 

Ames, Benjamin, Andover. Captain of a company in Col. James Frye's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, list of officers 
dated Cambridge, May 20, 1775; commissioned May 20, 1775; also, return of 
men in battle at Charlestown, dated Cambridge, June 19, 1775; also, company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Ames, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Jolm Carpenter's co. ; pay roll for service as guards 
at Springfield, from June 25, 1779, to Sept. 25, 1779, 3 mos. ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ames, Benjamin, South Brimfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, liglit; hair, light; occupation, farmer ; residence, 
South Brimfield ; enlisted May 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ames, Bukke. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted July 19, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 28 days. 

Ames, Burpee, Rowley. Private, Lieut. James Todd's co.; service, 3 days; marched 
to guard Gloucester Harbor and the brig "Nancy," brought in by Capt. Manley; 
roll sworn to at Ipswich, Dec. 16, 1775; also, Capt. Silas Adams's co., Col. Tit- 
comb's regt. ; service, 2 mos. ; roll dated June 29, 1777. 

Ames, Burpee. Private, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days, in 
Northern department under Gen. Gates ; Captain's order for pay dated Newl)ury- 
port, June 16, 1778. 

Ames, Charles, Leominster. Private, Capt. David Wilder's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 
days. 

Ames, Daniel, Hopkinton. Lieutenant, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Ames, Daniel. Private, Capt. Snell's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Providence, II. I. 

Ames, Daniel. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
24, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedition. 
Roll sworn to at Plymouth. 

Ames, Daniel, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days ; also, Capt. John 
Porter's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted July 7, 1775; service, 1 mo. 3 days ; also, company return dated Camp at 
Boston, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej% dated 
Cambridge, Nov. 20, 1775; also, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt. ; pay roll for 5 days, between date of enlistment and date of marching; roll 
dated April 2, 1776; a^so, Capt. David Packard's co.. Col. Cary's regt.; enlisted 
July 22, 1780 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ames, David. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, June 22, 1775. 

Ames, David, HoUis. Private, Capt. Reuben Dow's co.. Col. William Prescott's regt.; 
list of men who were in battle at Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775 ; also, comi)any return 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported on command at Quebec ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Ames, Ebenezer. 2d Lieutenani, Capt. Robert Orr's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1775; discharged Jan. 15, 1776; joined at Roxbury Camp; also, 
list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Feb. 21, 1776. 



21(5 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Ames, Ebenezer, Bridsjewater. Ensign, Capt. Elisha Mitchel's co.. Col. Gary's regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 21, 177fi; also, list of officers 
to serve until April, 1776; also, pay roll f or -1 days, between date of enlistment 
and date of marching, dated Api-il 2, 1776. 

Ames, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Keith's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched to Bristol, K. I. 

Ames, Ei.eazee, Groton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Littleton, Dec. 2, 1777; joined 
Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, 
Capt, Brown's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Sept. 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Qa\\X. Hartshorn's co., Col. Jackson's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 26, 
1780. 

Ames, Eli. Private, Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Cyprian How's regt., Col. John 
Jacobs's (Colonel Commandant) brigade; enlisted July 25, 1780; discharged Oct. 
30, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, at Rhode Island. 

Ames, Eli. Marine, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson ; enlisted Feb= 

23, 1782; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 3 mos. 8 days; enlistment, 

5 months. 
Ames, Eli. Frigate " Hague," commanded hv Cajit. J. Manlej-; receipt for wages to 

May 10, 1783. 
Ames, Elijah, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Sawtell's co., Col. James Prescott's 

regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Groton and Pepperell; 

service, 6 days. 

Ames, Elijah, Pepperell. Private, Cajjt. Jolm Nutting's co., Col. M'illiani Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Ames, Elijah. Capt. Nathan Alden's co.. Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt.; order for wages 
for 3 mos. service at Bristol, R. I., dated Bristol, March 7, 1777. 

Ames, Elijah. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Al^ram Washburn's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt.; 
muster roll dated Boston, Aug. 14, 1778; enlisted July 10, 1778; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Ames, Elijah, Bridgewater. Sergeant, Caj)!. Natluin Mitchell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph 
Keith's (11th) co., 3d Plymouth Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned March 23, 1776; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Keith's co.. Col. Edward 
Mitchell's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; service on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
marched to Bristol, R. I.; also. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; enlisted 
July 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 15, 1778; service, 5 mos. 6 days, in and about 
Boston ; also, Lieut. Samuel Dunl)ar's co.. Col. Eliphalet Caiy's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Ames, Elijah. Private, Lieut. Joel Stevens's co.. Col. David liosseter's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Fort 
Edward. Roll dated Pittslield. 

Ames, Elijah. Private, Capt. Isaac Marsh's co., Col. Sears's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 21,1781; discharged Nov. 2, 1781; service, 3 mos. 12 days; sta- 
tioned at Fort Plains, Tryon Co., under command of Brig. Gen. Stark. 

Ames, Elisha, Kinderhook. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Daniel Sackett's co., dated April 5, 1779; enlisted for town of Westfield; 
joined Cajit. Jeremiah Miller's co., Col. Patterson's regt. ; enlistment, during 
war; at«o, Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; 



IX THE WAR OF TUt: REVOLUTION. 217 

Ames, Elisha, continued. 

Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 16, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; also, muster rolls 
for Nov. and Dec, 1778, Jan., March and April, 1770, dated Providence; also, 
Capt. Hancock's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. 
"Vose's regt.; muster roll for July, 1780, dated Camp Tenith; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men ; Capt. Noah Allen's co., 1st regt. ; age, 2'2 yrs. ; stature, .7 
ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; birthplace, Preston, Conn.; residence, 
Kinderhook ; enlisted at Richmont by Lieut..Egleston, June 16, [year not given] ; 
also, Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Vose's regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated "West 
Point; reported Transferred to Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's (Light Infantry) co. ; 
also, Capt. Cushing's CO., Col. Vose's regt.; muster roll for Feb.-Nov., 1781, 
dated West Point; reported on command in Pennsylvania; also, muster roll for 
Jan., 1782, dated Huts ; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782. 

Ames, Enos. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 9, 1778; discharged July 6, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 days, 
at Cambridge. 

Ames, Exos. Private, Capt. Matthias Toljey's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 3 mos. 27 days, at 
"Winter Hill. 

Ames, Ephraim, New Concord. Private, Capt. Coburn's co., Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Oct. 7, 1778, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. Col. "^Villiam Stacy's co., Col. Alden's (6th) regt.; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Fort Alden ; also, Capt. "White's co.. 
Col. Brooks's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Ames, Ephraim, Kinderhook. Descriptive list of enlisted men, dated Feb. 20, 1782; 
age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; birthplace. 
New Concord, N. Y. ; occupation, laborer; enlisted April 12, 1779; joined Capt. 
Jonathan Felt's or Capt. Turner's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
enlistment, during war; also. Private, Capt. Asa Coburn's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's 
regt.; muster rolls for Feb. -May, 1781, dated "West Point; a/so, muster roll for 
June, 1781 ; reported on command at Dobbs's Ferry; also, muster roll for July, 
1781; also, muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781; reported on command at the 
Lines; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts; reported on 
command at New "Windsor; also, Lieut. Levi Parker's (8th) co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 1781 ; also, Capt. Jonathan Felt's co. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated York Huts ; reported on command at Stony 
Point; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated York Huts ; also, list of men, Capt. 
Turner's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; discharged June 8, 1783, by Gen. Wash- 
ington, enlistment having expired. 

Ames, Fisher. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted 
March 23, 1778; discharged April 6, 1778; service, 15 days, at Roxbury and 
Boston. 

Ames, Hugh, New Concord. Private, Capt. Enos Stone's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; 
muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 2."), 1778; mustered by Trueman 
"Wheeler; reported deserted. 

Ames, Isaac, Wareham. Private, Capt. Israel Fearing's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 4 days. 

Ames, Isaac. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Simeon Gary's regt. ; enlisted 
Feb. 2, 1776 ; roll made up for 6 days to date of marching. 



218 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ames, Isaac. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; discharged 
Aug. 7, 1776; service, 2 mos. 6 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Ames, Isaac. Private, Capt. Samuel Thacher's co. ; service, 26 days, guarding stores 
at Cortlandt Manor, N. Y., in 1776. 

Ames, Isa.\c. I'rivate, Capt. Auios Washburn's co., Col. Ebeuezer Sprout's regt. ; en- 
listed May 6, 1778; discharged May 7, 1778; service, '2 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Ames, Is^vac, Middleborough (also given Plymouth). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Nehemiah Allen's CO., Col. Sprout's (4th Plymouth 
Co.) regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; age, '22 yrs. ; joined Capt. Wadsworth's co.. Col. 
Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Corporal, Capt. Joseph Wadsworth's 
CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pa}- accounts for service 
from Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported as serving 11 mos. as Private, 23 mos. 
17 days as Corporal ; also, muster return dated Valley Forge, Jan. 28, 1778 ; reported 
on furlough; also, return dated Feb. 17, 1779; reported deserted; also, Private, 
Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 4, 1780. 

Ames, Jacob, Oakham. Private, Capt. Hazeltine's co., Col. Fellows's regt. ; company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Ralph Earll's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 10, 1777; discharged Jan. 4, 1778; service, 4 mos. 25 daj'S. 
Roll dated Providence. 

Ames, Jacob, Concord. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's 
regt.; marched Feb. 4, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days; also, Capt. Charles Miles's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticon- 
deroga ; also, receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Concord to serve in tlie 
Continental Army, dated May 14, 1778; also, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. 
Reed's regt. of guards; muster rolls for May and June, 1778, dated Cambridge; 
enlisted March 28, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ames, Jacob. Private, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Stearns's regt. of guards; 
enlisted March 27, 1778; discharged July 29, 1778; service, 3 mos. 6 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention at Cambridge. 

Ames, Jacob. Private, Capt. Benjamin Nye's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at 
Dorchester. 

Ames, Jacob. Corporal, Capt. Edward Richardson's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; 
enlisted June 14, 1778 ; discharged Jan. 16, 1779 ; service, 7 mos. 13 days, at North 
River, N. Y. ; roll dated Watertown; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated West 
Point; also, pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Asies, Jacob, Charlton. Private, Capt. Reuljcn Davis's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt.; 
enlisted July 17, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ames, Jacob. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupjjcr's (10th) regt.; pay roll for service from 
Jan. 1. 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783. 

Ames, Jacob. List of men credited with 8 months service, on a roll headed " Ilartwoll 
Brook the first Everidge" [year not given] 

Amics, James. Private, Capt. Aaron Cliarles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777; 
enlisted Dec. '25, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March '25, 1777. 

Ames, James, Oakham. Private, Cai)t. Ralph Earll's co.. Col. Danfortli Keyes's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 27, 1777; discharged Jan. 4, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 8 days. Roll 
dated Providence. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 219 

Ames, James, South Brimfleld. Private, Capt. Nehemiah May's co., Col. David Leon- 
ard's regt. ; enlisted May 6, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 12 
days ; enlistment, 2 months ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Nehemiah May's co.. Col. John Bliss's regt., dated Feb. 11, 1778; 
joined Capt. Keep's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Ames, James. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; arrived 
at camp July 5, 1778 ; discharged Feb. 2, 1779 ; service, 7 mos. 17 days, at North 
River, N. Y. ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Ames, James, Natick. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Maj. Gen. Hancock's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 12, 1779; discharged Oct. 3, 1779; service, 23 days, at Castle 
Island ; company raised in Suffolk Co. 

Ames, James, Hopkinton. List of men raised for tlie G months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 2.5, 1780. 

Ames, Job. Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; order for wages for 
3 mos. service at Bristol, R. I., dated Bristol, March 7, 1777. 

Ames, Job. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; enlisted 
July 31, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Ames, Job. Private, Capt. Snell's co., under command of Lieut. David Packard, Col. 
Mitchell's regt. ; service, 16 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; 
also, Capt. David Packard's co., Col. Gary's regt.; enlisted Jul}' 22, 1780; service, 
3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ames, John, Hubbardston. Sergeant, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Doolittle's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days, 

Ames, John, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 daj's. 

Ames, John, Wenham. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later Bald- 
win's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; discharged 
July 15, 1775 ; service, 10 weeks 1 day. 

Ames, John. Sergeant, Capt. John Cutler's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; muster 
roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17, 1778; enlisted May 5, 1778; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779; company raised for service in Rhode Island; also, muster 
roll for Sept. and Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich ; also, muster roll for Jan.- 
Dec, 1778, dated East Greenwich. 

Ames, John. 2d Major, 3d Plymouth Co. regt.; commissioned April 28, 1779. 

Ames, John, Sudbury. Cooper in Sudbury magazine ; return of men dated Aug. 21, 
1779, made by the Assistant Commissary of Issues. 

Ames, John. Captain, 5th co., 3d Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; 
commissioned March 23, 1776; also. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt.; marched Dec. 
9, 1776 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. ; 
also. Col. Wade's regt.; enlisted June 26, 1778; service, 24 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; also, Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ames, John. Receipt for bounty paid him by Col. Samuel Johnson, of Class No. 2, 
for town of Andover, to serve in the Continental Ai-my for the term of 3 years, 
dated April 17, 1782. 

Ames, John. Private, Capt. John Reed's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; company 
raised for defence of eastern Massachusetts, agreeable to resolve of April 24, 1781. 



220 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ames, John, Jr., Groton. Private, Capt. Asa Lawrence's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6 days ; reported enlisted into the 
army ; also, Capt. Lawrence's co.. Col. AVilliam Prescott's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Ames, Jonathan (also given Jotham). Lieutenant, Col. John Bailey's regt. ; return of 
officers dated Dorchester, Sept. 28, 1778. 

Ames, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Ames's co., Maj. Eliphalet Care\-"s regt.; en- 
listed July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Khode Island. 

Ames, Jonathan, ^Vilnlingtun. List of men raised for the G months service and re- 
turned l)y Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ames, Joseph, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Nathan Mitchell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

A.mes, JoiSErn, Newbury. Private, Ca.\iX. Thomas Noyes's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 4 days. 

Ames, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ezra Badlam's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (2Gth) regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1775; paj* rolls for Dec, 1775-June, 1776, dated New York. 

Ames, Joshva. Private, Capt. Snell's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
discharged Dec. 2-1, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Providence, K. I. 

Ames, Joshua. Private, Capt. David Packard's co., Col. Cary's regt.; enlisted July 
22, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at llhode Island. 

Ames, Joshua, New Marlborough. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 1, 
1781; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; hair, black; residence, Fishkill; 
enlisted at Fishkill hj Lieut. Storer, Feb. 23, 1780; joined Capt. James Means's 
CO., 2d regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Private, Capt. Burbank's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 3, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Ames, Jotham (also given Jonathan), Bridgewater. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's 
(Artillery) co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; enlisted April 10, 1775; discharged 
May 2, 1775; service, 23 days; also, umster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, Capt. Lothrop's co.. Gen. Thomas's 
regt. ; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Ensign, Capt. James 
Allen's CO., Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; pa.v abstract for rations dated Camp near 
New York, Aug. 9, 1776; also, Lieutenant, Capt. Jacob Allen's (later Adams 
Bailey's) co.. Col. John Bailey's (2d)'regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return of men in camp at Valley 
Forge, Jan. 24, 1778; also, order for wages dated Camp at "White Plains, Aug. 19, 
1778; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 
31, 1780; also, Capt. Adams Bailey's co.. Col. John Bailey's (later Lieut. Col. 
Sprout's) 2d regt.; muster roll for 2 years from Jan. 1, 1780; also, returns of 
oflicers dated Pliiiadelphia, July 11 and July 19, 178:5; reported on command at 
AVest Point, by order of Col. Sprout ; also, returns of officers dated Philadeli)hia, 
Aug. 1 and Aug. 8, 1783; reported on command at New Windsor; also, return 
of officers dated Philadelphia, Aug. 15, 1783 ; reported on command at AVest Point. 

Ames, Moses. Private, Lieut. John Flint's (late Capt. Asa La^vrence's) CO., Col. 
Thomas Poor's regt.; enlisted June 17, 1778; discharged Feb. 11, 1779; service, 
8 mos. 7 days; company raised to fortify and secure passes of the North River, 
N. Y. ; also, pay rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; also, 
pay rolls for Sept. and Nov., 1778, dated AYest Point. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 221 

Ames, Moses, Groton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co., Col. John Robinson's 
regt. ; enlisted July 7, 1777; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1778; company raised 
for service at Rhode Island ; roll dated North Kingston ; also, muster roll for 
2 mos. 25 days service, sworn to at Groton; also, Capt. Lakin's co., Col. John 
Jacobs's (Light Infantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 20, 
1779; service, 2 mos. 5 days, at Rhode Island; also, descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Middlesex Co., in 1779, to serve in the Continental Army ; age, 
19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; delivered to Lieut. John llubbel; 
also, descrii)tive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for tlie term of 
6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; 
complexion, ruddy; residence, Groton; arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; 
marched to camiLJuly 11, 1780, under command of Ensign Bancroft; also, list of 
men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as liav- 
ing passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2.j, 1780; also, Capt. 
Joshua Benson's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (oth) regt.; enlisted 
July 9, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months ; muster roll for Jan., 
1781, dated Garrison at "West Point. 

A5IES, Moses. Private, Capt. John Pierce's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's (ISth) regt.; 
enlisted July 20, [probably 1779] ; enlistment, 9 months ; discharged April 20, 
1780 ; muster roll for Jan.-June, 1780, dated Robinson's Farms. 

Ames, Moses. Corporal of Marines, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nichol- 
son ; engaged Feb. 2.3, 1782 ; roll made up to May 31, 1782 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; 
engagment, 5 months ; reported re-entered service. 

Ames, Moses. Frigate "Hague," commanded by Capt. J. Manley ; receipt for wages 
to May 10, 1783. 

Ames, Nathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Bro«Tiing's co.. Col. Seth Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 17, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, order 
for wages dated Brimfield, March 20, 1782. • 

Ajies, Nathaniel. Surgeon ; regiment raised in Suffolk and York counties ; commis- 
sioned Jan. 23, 1776; ordered to serve in Boston until April 1, 1776. 

Ames, Nathaniel, New Canaan (also given Richmond). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Raymond's and Capt. Hill's cos. ; residence. New 
Canaan; enlisted for town of Richmond; joined Capt. Stone's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 
2.5, 1778; reported deserted. 

Ames, Noah, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Ames, Noah. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt.; 
marched on an alarm to Squantum, March -l, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 

Ames, Noah. Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Col. .Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; order for wages 
for 3 mos. service at Bristol, R. I., dated Bristol, March 7, 1777. 

Ames, Noah. Private, Capt. David Packard's co., Col. Cary's regt.; marched on the 
alarm of July 22, 1780, to Rhode Island; service, 3 days. 

Ames, Parmenis, Easton. Private, Capt. Abiel Mitchel's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, Capt. Mattliew Raudell's co.. Col. 
George Williams's regt.; enlisted Dec. 7, 1776; discharged Jan. I, 1777; service, 
31 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Seth Pratt's co.. Col. James 
Williams's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 10, 1780; service, 8 daj's, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 



222 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ames, Phineas. Private, Capt. David Bent's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
marched from Ruthind, Au^. 20, 1777, on an alarm to Bennington ; service, 11 
days; aho, Capt. John Boynton's co., Col. Sparhawk's regt., commanded by 
Maj. Jonas Wilder; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 29 
days, in Northern department. 

Ames, Phi.veas. Private, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt.; enlisted July 11, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 13 days, 
on an expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Ames, Prime, Dartmouth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
b}- Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. [See Prince Almy.] 

Ames, Prince, Andover. Private, Capt. Stephen Abbott's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(5th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 19, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, Capt. Benjamin Farnum's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; pay abstract for 49 days rations from date of 
enlistment, Feli. 19, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington ; aho, muster return 
dated Jan. 24, 1778; reported on command with Col. Hay, at Albany; a/w,Capt. 
Abbot's CO.; muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; reported on com- 
mand at the Lines; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, list of men in Capt. Emerson's co., 10th regt. [year 
not given] ; also. Col. Tupper's (10th) regt. ; pay rolls made up for service from 
Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783. 

Ames, Rohekt, Sudbury. Private, Capt. John Nixon's co.. Col. Alnjah Pierce's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Ames, Samuel, Rutland. Private, Capt. David Bent's co., Col. Nathaniel Sparhawk's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Cambridge ; service, 6 days ; aho, Lieut. William Muzzey's co., Col. Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted July 5, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 11 days, under 
command of Maj. Daniel Clap at liarracks in Rutland. Roll dated Hubbardstdb. 

Ames, Samuel. Private, Capt. Peter Woodljury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 15, 1778; discharged Nov. 9, 1778; service, 3 mos. 26 days, 
at Caml)ridge; roll dated Lancaster; also, Capt. David Jewett's co.. Col. Ger- 
rish's regt. of guards; enlisted Nov. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 
1 mo. 6 days; roll dated Lancaster; also, Capt. Stephen Webster's co.. Col. Ger- 
rish's regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 
days, at Claverack; regt. raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army 
under Gen. Washington; aho, Capt. Woodbury's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's de- 
tachment of guards ; company return [year not given] . 

Ames, Samuel, Woburn. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
b.v Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ames, Setii, Dedham. Surgeon's Mate, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. John Thomas's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 1, 1775; muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1775, dated Camp at 
Roxbury ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Ames, Solomon, Andover. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ames's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; return of men in service at battle in Charlestown, dated Cambridge, June 
19, 1775 ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bountj' coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Ames, Solomon. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. 
(made up fi-om Essex and York counties); enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at 
East Greenwich, R. L; reported enlisted for town of Salem. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 223 

Ames, Spofford, Andover. Private, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, SiJ days ; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Farnum's co.. Col. James Frye's rept. ; company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 
177"); aho, order for liounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Nov. 13, 1775; also, list of men who received money from public treasury for 
losses in the battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; allowed by Council, June 13, 
1776; also, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 
1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. Roll sworn 
to at Andover. 

Ames, Thaddeus, Bristol. Private, Capt. Caleb Turner's co. ; enlisted July 13, 1775; 
discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 3 days; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. James Hilton's co.,3d Lincoln Co. regt., dated 
Nov. 7, 1777 ; reported enlisted on return home from campaign at the Northward, 
in 1776. 

Ames, Thaddeus. Corporal, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Stearns's (also given 
Col. Jonathan Reed's) regt. of guards ; enlisted March 27, 1778 ; discharged July 
29, 1778; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at Cambridge, guarding troops of convention; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Ames, Thomas, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Moses Stone's co., Lieut. Col. Ezekiel How's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to headquarters ; service, 4 
days. 

Ames, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Ames's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Ames, Timothy, Bridgewater. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Ames, Timothy. Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted March 4, 1776 ; discharged March 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; marched on an 
alarm to Squantum. 

Ames, Timothy. Sergeant, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1776; discharged Nov. 20, 1776; service, 2 mos., on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Ames, Timothy. Private, Capt. Snell's co., Col. Mitchel's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched 
to Providence, R. I. 

Ames, Timothy. Private, Capt. David Packard's co., Col. Cary's regt.; enlisted July 
22, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ames, William, Newburyport. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Nowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Ames, Zenas, Charlemont. Private, Capt. Joshua L. W^oodbridge's co., Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted June 25, 1779; service, 5 mos. 6 days, at Rhode Island; 
roll made up for June-Nov., 1779 ; sworn to at Newport, R. I. ; also, Capt. Wood- 
bridge's CO., Col. Tyler's regt. ; pay roll for Dec, 1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 2 days, at Rhode Island. 

Ames, Zenas, Monson (also given South Brimfield). Descriptive list of men raised to 
reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of 
June 5, 1780; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Monson; 
arrived at Springfield July 25, 1780; marched to camp July 25, 1780, under com- 
mand of Capt. Park ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780; also, payroll for 6 jnonths men raised by the town of Monson 



224 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ames, Zenas, continued. 

for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 31, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 25, 1781; service, 6 nios. 3 days; also, Private, Capt. John Spurr's 
CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th)regt. ; pay abstracts for July-Dec, 1780; enlisted 
July 23, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to llami)shire Co.; 
age, 18 yrs. ; stature, ;") ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
farmer; residence. South Brimfield; enlisted May 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ames, Zenas. List of enlisted men [year not given] ; Capt. Keep's co.. Col. Shepard's 
regt. ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Amesdal, Isaac. Private, Capt. William Marean's co.. Col. Stearns's regt. of guards; 
enlisted March 27, 1778 ; discharged July 29, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at Cam- 
l)ridge, guarding troops of convention. 

Ameton, Joseph. Private, Capt. Natlianiel Fales's co. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1779; dis- 
charged Aug. 15, 1779; service, 13 days, on an expedition to Majorbagaduce, by 
order of Gen. Lovel. 

Amet, Heman, New Salem. Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (2d) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; pay roll made up from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8. 1777 ; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Amey, Samuei,, Kittery. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Amey, Samtel. Private, Capt. Amos Lincoln's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; 
enlisted July 14, 1781 ; pay roll made up to Nov. 1, 1782 ; service, 15 mos. 18 days ; 
reported among rejected recruits detailed to garrison duty; also, Matross, Capt. 
Amos Lincoln's (Artillery) co. ; pay roll made up from Nov. 1, 1782: discharged 
July 24, 1783; service, 8 mos. 24 days. 

Amey, Tobias. Receipt for wages to May 10, 1783, for service on frigate "Hague," 
commanded by Capt. J. Manley, dated May 13, 1783. 

Amidox, Samuel. Private, Capt. Job Knap's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 4, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. Roll dated Douglas. 

Amidowx, Caleb. Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Abijali Lamb's co.. Col. Caleb 
Davis's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Amidowx, Philip. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Humplirey's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 
13 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Amidowx, Samvel, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Samuel Read's co., whicii marched on 
llie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Caleb 
Whiting's (8tli) co., Col. Wood's (3d Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned April 10, 1778. 

Amidowx, TiTis. Certificate of service given by Maj. Nathaniel Winslow, stating that 
said Amidown, having served in tlie 10th Mass. regt. 5 mos. 11 days, is honorably 
discharged, dated West Point, Dec. 16, 1780. 

Amiel, Henry. Prize Master, ship " Charming Sally," commanded l)y Capt. Alex- 
ander Holmes; return dated Boston, Aug. 28, 1779. 

Ammedon, Philip. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1777; muster taken to Dec. 22, 1777; enlistment, 6 montlis; roll 
dated Providence, R. I. ; also, list of men dated North Kingston, Dec. 15, 1777. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 225 

Ammidox, Jacob, Mendon. Private, Capt. Andrew Peters's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177o; enlisted May 13, 1775; ser\ice, 2 mos. 24 
days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775. 

Ammidox, John. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted Jan. 28, 1781; dis- 
charged April 1, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 2 days, with guards at Springfield, 

Ammidox, Philip, Mendon. Sergeant, Capt. John Albee's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 9 days ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Samuel Cragin's (1st) co., 3d Worcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; 
chosen by company July 9, 1776; also, Capt. Samuel Craggin's co., Lieut. Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt.; service, 25 days, between Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 21, 1777, 
on an alarm at_Rhode Island; also, Captain, 1st co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d 
Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Aug. 27, 
1779; a/so, Col. Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; 
service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhotle Island; also, Col. Dean's regt.; enlisted 
March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Ammidowx, . [This name also appears under the form of Amadou, Amadown, 

Amedon, Amerdown, Ameton, Amidon, Amidown, Ammedon, Ammidon, Amne- 
down.] 

Ammidowx, Caleb. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Jonathan Ilolman's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; service, 1 mo. 13 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Providence, R. I. 

Ammidowx, Jacob. Captain's Clerk; list of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in 
the prison ship " Lord Sandwich," and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Ammidowx, Philip. Lieutenant, Capt. Peter Penniman's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 27 days, with 
Northern army ; also, pay abstract dated Scarsdeal, Nov. 30, 1777. 

Amjiidowx, Reubex. Private, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
marched to Providence, R. I. 

Ammidowx, Tixrs, Wilbraham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Wilbraham; arrived at Spring- 
field July 5, 1780 ; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Taylor 
of 2d Mass. Line ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the fown of Wilbra- 
ham for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 6, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 16, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 17 days. 

Ammido-wx, Titus. Private, Capt. Abel King's co., Col. Sears's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., at Saratoga. 

Amxedowx, Philip. Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Keyes's regt. ; enlisted July 
10, 1777 ; pay abstract for bounty allowed for service from Oct. 10, 1777, to Jan. 
4, 1778, 2 mos. 25 days. 

Amo, Joseph is. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barl«r, dated 
Boston, May 24, 1778 ; Col. Crane's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ajioxs, Robert, Amherst. Capt. Thompson's co., Col. Samuel Howe's regt. ; return 
of men drafted from Hampshire Co. militia, who marched to Horse Neck [year 
not given] ; reported failed to join regt. 

Amor, Isaac, Freetown. Private, Maj. Allen's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Feb. 1, 1778; reported died 
Feb. 1, 1778; also, Capt. Nathan Goodale's co. ; muster return dated Albany, 
Feb. 9, 1778. 



226 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Amort, . [This name also appears under the form of Emery.] 

Amort, David, Marblehead. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Jonathan Glover's (5th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777 ; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Amort, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Browning's co.. Col. Seth Murray's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
3 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Amokt, Jesse, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Amort, John. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Lemuel Hatch's (9th) co., 1st York Co. regt. ; list 
of oflBcers of Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Amos, . [Tliis name also appears under the form of Aamos, Amor.] 

Amos, , Middieborough. List of men who received bounty for enlisting for 3 years 

or during war ; raised by resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; reported negro servant of Lebree 
Simmons. 

Amos, Jacob, Freetown. Private, Capt. Thomas Elsbree's co.. Col. Livingston's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 11, 1779; discharged Sept. 9, 1779; service, 29 days, at Freetown, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Elsl)ree's co.. Col. Livingston's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 14, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 10 days, at Freetown, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co.. Col. Abiel 
Mitchell's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 2 mos. 
19 days ; marched to reinforce Continental Army ; roll sworn to in Bristol Co. ; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 19 j^rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11^ in.; com- 
plexion, black ; occupation, laborer; residence, Freetown ; enlisted June 30, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted July 
1, 1781 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1782; service, 6 mos. 

Amos, Joseph. List of men engaged by the town of Framingham, agreeal)le to resolve 
of April 20, 1778, to serve for 3 years in Rhode Island, dated Dec. 2, 1779 ; Capt. 
Allen's CO., Col. Crane's (Artillery) regt.; reported entered service at Boston. 

Amos, Joseph. Carpenter's Mate ; list of men on board the ship " Alfred," commanded 
by Capt. J. P. Jones, entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig 
" Active " [year not given] . 

Amos, Thomas, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsevel's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 
days ; also, company return dated Roxburj-, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. Rounsevell's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) regt. ; order for l)ounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775; also, Capt. Thomas 
Elsbree's co.. Col. Livingston's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1779; discharged Sept. 9, 
1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at Freetown, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 
Capt. Elsbree's co.. Col. Livingston's regt.; enlisted Sept. 14, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 24, 1779; service, 10 days, at Freetown, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Amos, Thomas. Private, Capt. Edward Slocum's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt.; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich; enlist- 
ment, during war; also, Capt. E. Lewis's (3d) co.. Col. Greene's regt.; muster 
rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1779, dated Newport, R. I. ; reported under guard. 

Ample (?), Samuel. Receipt for equipments dated Springfield, Aug. 22, 1779, given 
to Capt. James Tisdale. 

Ams, Joseph, France. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middlesex 
Co., agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778; enlisted for town of J'ramingham; 
enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 227 

Amsbee, Abraham, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Joseph Cole's cc, Col. John Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 11 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

A.MSB0R0UGH, Elisha. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 29 days ; marched to 
Stillwater. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Amsby, Ebexezer, Sutton. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co., Col. E^)enezer Larned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Amsby, Exos. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched to Warwick, R. I. 

Amsby, Matthias, Medfield. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., Col. Ephraim 
Wheelock's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted April 21, 1777; discharged May 9, 1777; 
ser^ice, 18 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Amsdail, Ephraim. Sergeant, Capt. Asa Rice's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 10 days, on an alarm at 
Manchester and Bennington. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Amsdal, Isaac. Private, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards; muster roll dated Cambridge, June 1, 1778; enlisted March 28, 1778; 
enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Amsdale, John, Southborough. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, freckled; residence, Southborough; arrived at 
Springfield July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Thomas Pritchard. 

Amsdale, Oliver. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co., Col. David Wells's regt.; 
enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Amsdale, Simeon. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 27, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at 
Claverack. 

Amsdam, John. Private, Capt. Isaac Harrington's co.. Col. Samuel Denney's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days; marched 
to Claverack to join Continental Army; enlistment, 3 months. 

Amsdel, Abner, Greenwich (also given Pelham). Private, Capt. Shay's co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's (5th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster return dated Albany, 
Feb. 9, 1778. 

Amsdel, Bezile, Petersham. Private, Capt. John Wheeler's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Amsdel, Noah, Ware. Private, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days. 

Amsdell, Abner, Greenwich (also given Pelham). Private, Major's co.. Col. Put- 
nam's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
April 1, 1780. 

Amsdell, Adam, Harvard. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Davis's co., Col. 
Whitney's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence. 
Harvard; enlisted Aug. 3, 1779; also, Col. M. Jackson's (8th) regt.; enlistment, 
9 months ; statement of Continental balances certified to April 10, 1786. 



228 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Amsdell, John. Private, Capt. George Webb's (Light Infantry) co., Col. William 
Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated Hutts, 1st Brigade; 
enlisted March 3 [year not given] ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Amsdell, Lot, Hanover. List of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 10, 1778, as returned by 
Jonathan Warner, Commissioner. 

Amsdell, Simox, Conway. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Amsden, . [This name also appears under tlie form of Amsdam, Amsdell, Amsdin, 

Amsdon.] 

Ajisdex, Abel, Groton (also given Hampshire). Capt. Joseph Moor's co.. Col. Whit- 
comb's regt. ; return of men in want of cartridge l)oxes dated Cambridge, June 
18, 1775; also, Private, Capt. Moor's co.. Col. William Prescott's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Nov. 
17, 1775; also, Capt. John Drury's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; enlisted June 6, 
1778; discharged Feb. 10, 1779; service, 8 mos. 1 day, at North River, N. Y.; 
also, order for wages, etc., dated Harvard, June 7, 1779. 

Amsden, Adam. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 
3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Amsden, Adam, Harvard. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. ; Capt. Baby's co., 
Col. Whitney's regt. ; mustered Jul.v20, 1779, by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Amsden, Benjamin, Groton. Private, Capt. John Sawtell's co.. Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Groton and Pepperell; 
service, 12^ days. 

Amsden, Bezaleel, Petersham. Capt. Joel Fletcher's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp near Charlestown Road, June 8, 1775; 
also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 12 days; also, companj' return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Amsden, Bezaleel. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co., Col. Dike's regt.; pay 
abstract for gun and blanket money allowed by resolve of Nov. 27, 1776. 

Amsden, Bezaleel. Corporal, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1777; discharged Aug. 5, 1777; service, 8 days; marched to 
Bennington to reinforce Gen. Stark; reported joined Rangers, Aug. 5, 1777. 

Amsden, Ephraim, Southborough. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; reported enlisted into the army; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Fay's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Amsden, Ephuaim, Petersham. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co.. Col. Dyke's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester home, dated Nov. 
20, 1776. 

Amsden, Isaac, Conway. Capt. Robert Oliver's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, June 27, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, com- 
pany return dateil Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 23, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 229 

Ajisden, Isaac, New Braintree. Private, Capt. John Grainger's co., Col. Learned's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 
1 day; also, compau}' return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Amsden, Isaac. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa "Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 11, 1776. 

Amsdex, Isaac. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777 ; discharged July 19, 1777 ; service, 15 days, 
in Northern department. 

Amsdex, Isaac. Corporal, Capt. Thomas French's co , Col. David "Wells's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern 
department. 

Amsdex, Isaac, Barre. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 23 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Barre; arrived at Springfield 
July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. Phineas 
Parlvcr ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as haAing passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totowaj-, Oct. 
25, 1780; also. Private; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Barre 
for service in the Continental Army dm'ing 1780 ; marched June 30, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 3, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 13 days ; also, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., 14th 
regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780. 

Amsdex, Jesse, Southborough. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co., Col. Dike's 
regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 15, 1776, to March 1, 1777; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1777 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Seth 
Newton's (4th) co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 16,1778; joined Capt. 
A. Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's (later Calvin Smith's) regt.; also, Capt. 
John K. Smith's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Continental Armj- pay accounts for ser- 
vice from May 15, 1777, to March 3, 1778 ; reported died March 3, 1778. 

Amsdex, Joel. Henniker. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 1 mo. 2 
days ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; reported died May 
25, 1775. 

Amsden, Johx, Southborough. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Newton's co., 
Col. Cushing's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, Southborough; enlisted March 3, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years; also. Private, Capt. Elnathan Haskell's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt.; muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781; «Aw, muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated 
York Hutts; reported transferred to Capt. Webb's co., Dec. 1, 1781. 

Amsdex, Joxas, Southborough. Drummer, Capt. Elijah Bellows's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16 days. 

Amsdex, Joseph, Bolton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hastings's co.. Col. John Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 9 days; also, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; pay abstract 
for mileage from Bolton to Dorchester Heights [probably in Sept., 1776]. 

AsiSDEX, Noah, Ware. Private, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(late D. Brewer's) regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxl)ury, Oct. 31, 1775; 
a/so, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Benjamin Nye's 
and Capt. William Henry's cos., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 29, 1777; 
residence. Ware River ; enlisted for town of Barre ; joined Capt. Harrod's co. ; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. John Holden's (4th) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Thomas Barnes's Co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; return of men in ser- 



230 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ajisden, Noah, continued. 

vice on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, 
Capt. Holden's co.. Col. Is'ixon's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1779, dated High- 
lands ; reported on command at West Point ; also, Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 1, 1780; reported discharged. 

Amsden, Royal, Petersham. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt.; return of men in service from Dec. lH, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Ajisden, Silas, Southbordugh. Descriptive list of enlisted men, Capt. Nutting's (or 
Newton's) co., Col. Cushing's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 11 in. ; complexion, 
light; occupation, farmer; residence, Southborough ; enlisted March .'5, 1781; en- 
listment, 3 years. 

Amsden, Simeon, Conway. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Conway; arrived at Springfield 
July 16, 1780; marched to camp July 16, 1780, under command of Capt. Zebulon 
King; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Iiy the town of Conway for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 1."), 1780; discharged Dec. 
10, 1780; service, 5 mos. 3 days. 

Ajisdill, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 6 
days, at Bennington. 

Amsdill, John, Southborough. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, Private, Capt. George Webb's co.. Col. William 
Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Hutts ; enlisted 
March 3 [year not given] ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ajisdin, Isaac, New Braintree. Capt. John Granger's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt. ; receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Rox- 
burj', Nov. 9, 1775. 

Amsdin, Jesse. Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; pay abstract for 1 
mo. 16 days service, from date of enlistment. May 15, 1777 ; reported was refused 
wages due previous to July 1, 1777, by Jonathan Trumbull, P. M. G., at Albany, 
on account of not having joined regiment at Peekskill before said date. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Amsdin, John. Private, Capt. Elnathan Haskell's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point ; enlisted March 3.1781; en- 
listment, 3 years. 

Amsdon, Abel, Groton. Private, Capt. Moors's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Amsdon, John. Private, Capt. Elnathan Haskell's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt.; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts; enlisted March 3, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on duty at Fishkill. 

Amstead, Jabez. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 16, 1776; tried by general court-martial. Brig. St. Clair, Presi- 
dent, on charge of mutiny ; ordered to receive 20 lashes on bare back and pick 
oakum for a week. 

Amster, John. List of 9 months men; enlisted Jul}- 24, 1779; discharged April 24, 
1780. 

Amy, George. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webli's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 29, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 16 days ; company 
detached from Col. Dana's regt. to join Continental Army for 3 montlis ; stationed 
at West Point; reported deserted. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 231 

Amy, Hemax. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 29, 1781 ; reported deserted ; company detached from Col. Dana's 
re^t. to join Continental Army for 3 months ; stationed at West Point. 

Amy, Samuel, Kittery. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June "), 1780; age, 51 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dark ; residence, Kittery; arrived at Sprinijtield 
Aug. 4, 1780; marched to camp Aug. 5, 1780, under command of Capt. Samuel 
Carr. 

AxABEL, Edward. Sergeant, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Soul's) co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776 ; enlisted 
Dec. 20, 177") ; reported re-engaged as Sergeant, Nov. 14, 1776, in Capt. Allen's 
CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. 

Anabel, Isaac, Oxford. Private, Capt. Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
regt.; muster return dated Feb. 3, 1778; enlistment, 8 months. 

Anabel, Jacob, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
13 weeks 1 day. 

Anabel, Joseph, Wenham. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) 26th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 24, 1775; 
service, 5 weeks 2 days; also, return of men in camp at Chelsea, Sept. 1, 1775; 
also, pay abstract for April, 1776. 

Anabell, Jacob. List of men in Col. Baldwin's regt. who worked on the Chelsea bar- 
racks, dated Nov. 30, 1775. 

Anabell, John. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; service, 10 days, from July 2, 1778, to July 12, 1778. Roll dated Camp 
at Winter Hill. 

Anable, Edward, Ashfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 2, 1779; 
joined Capt. Noah Allen's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years or during war; reported Sergeant; also, return endorsed "Col. David 
Fields 's return." 

Anable, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Elihu GiflFord's co., Col. Turner's regt. ; enli&ted 
July 13, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 18 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; company raised in Barnstable and Bristol counties for 5 months 
service. 

Anable, Jacob, Ipswich Hamlet. Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
regt.; return of men sick and absent Aug. 11, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Dodge's 
CO., Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) 38th regt. ; company return dated Camp at 
Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; also, return for advance pay, etc., for Jan., 1776; also, pay 
abstracts for Feb. -June, 1776. 

Anable, John. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt.; pay abstract for service in Dec, 1775; enlisted Dec. 19, 1775; also, pay 
abstracts for Jan.-June, 1776 ; also, order for wages dated Wenham, Nov. 12, 1777. 

Anable, Joseph, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Bald- 
win's (38th) regt. ; return of men in service in Aug., 1775, dated Camp at Chelsea ; 
also, Capt. Dodge's co., Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) regt. ; company return 
dated Camp at Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; also, list of men enlisted by Capt. Dodge to 
serve in the new army, dated Chelsea, Dec. 16, 1775; also, pay abstracts for Jan.- 
June, 1776. 



232 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Anable, Joseph, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co., Col. Titcomb's regt.; 
enlisted May 4, 1777 ; discliar^'ed July 4, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; marched to Providence, R. I. 

Anable, Joseph. Lieutenant, Capt. George Lewis's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 6, 1778; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Anable, Matthew, Ipswich. Private, Capt. James Patch's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177o, to Mystic ; service, 4 days. 

Anable, Robert, Jr., Ipswich Hamlet. Private, Capt. Elisha "Whitney's co., which 
marched May 1, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 12 days; also, Corporal, Capt. 
Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (2r)th) regt. ; pay abstracts for 
Jan. -June, 1776; also, order for wages dated Wenham, March 12, 1777. 

Anable, Samuel. Private, Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. 

Anabona, Anthony. Landsman; list of men on board the sloop "Providence" en- 
titled to prize shares in the ship " Alexander," captured Sept. 20, 1777. 

Anater, Ebenezer, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Curtis's co., Col. Glover's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 177.")]. 

Anclus {alias Uncles), William. Drummer, Capt. Seward's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Andason, William. Capt. Peter Coburn's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridges's regt.; order 
for bount}' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 
28, 1775. " 

Anders, Lelbri"x. Order for wages for 1782 for service in Gth Mass. regt. ; order 
paj'able to Elisha Sumner. 

Andersox, . [This name also appears under the form of Aanderson, Andason, 

Andrew, Andrews, Andrewson, Androson, Andrson, Andson, Arderson.] 

Anderson, Archelavs, Murrayfield. List of men enlisted in an artillerj' company in 
Roxbury, wlio were unwilling to be mustered under Capt. John AViley, dated 
June 21, 1775; also, Bombardier, Capt. Ezra Badlain's co.. Col. Richard Grid- 
ley's (Artillery) regt.; company return dated Camp at Roxbury, June 23, 1775; 
enlisted June 8, 1775, from Capt. Weber's co.. Col. Fellows's regt.; also, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 8, 1775; service, 1 mo. 25 days; also, com- 
l)any return dated Sewall's Point, Oct. 8, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Sewall's Point, Dec. 26, 1775; also, Private, Capt. 
Enoch Shepard's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 23, 1777 ; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Bennington ; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 45 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; com- 
plexion, light; hair, light; occupation, carpenter; residence, Murrayfield; en- 
listed April 10, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Seth Banister's co.. Col. 
William Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster rolls for May and July, 1781, dated Phil- 
lipsburgh; enlisted June 16, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; reported serving as 
wagoner with the Artillery; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at 
Peekskill ; reported serving as wagoner with the Artillery ; also, muster roll for 
Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 
1782, dated York Ilutts ; reported died Feb. 23, 1782. 

Anderson, Archibald, Murraylield. Private, Capt. Klienezer Wel)ber's co., Col. John 
Fellows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 14, 1775; service, 
23 days. [See Archelaus Anderson.] 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 233 

Andersox, Archibald. Private, Capt. Thomas Starret's co., Col. Mason Wheaton's 
regt. ; enlisted June 28, 1779; discharged July 5, 1779; service, 8 days, at Camden, 
in Eastern department. 

Anderson, Bauzillai, Boston (also given Farmington). Private, Major's co., Col. 
Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. Pettingill's co. ; list of men dated March 2, 1777. 

Anderson, Charles, New York. Conductor of military stores ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; appointed July 5, 1779; stationed with New Hampshire brigade. 

Anderson, David, Shelburne. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Wells's co., Col. 
Wells's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; hair, dark ; residence, Shelburne ; 
enlistment, 9 months; received at Springfield July 19, 1779, by Capt. James 
Cooper; also, Capt. Keith's co., Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt.; enlisted July 
12, 1779 ; discharged April 12, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Anderson, Ebenezer. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Warner's co.. Col. Ruggles Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 
21 days, with Northern army. 

Anderson, Edward, Gorham. Private, Capt. Hart Williams's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Anderson, Edward, Windham. Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Knight's co. ; enlisted July 
1, 1775; service, 6 mos. 16 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co.; also, 2d Lieu- 
tenant, Capt. Thomas Ttott's (1st) co., 4th Cumberland Co. regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned Sept., 1777; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Nathan 
Merrill's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's regt.; enlisted July 8, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 17 days; company detached from Cumberland Co. 
militia for expedition to Penobscot. 

Anderson, Francis. Receipt for 1 day wages in Capt. Squire Millard's co., dated 
Warwick, Feb., 1777; service on an alarm Nov. 21, 1776. 

Anderson, George. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; nationality, English; stature, 5 ft. 1 in.; engaged July 10, 1779; dis- 
charged Sept. 6, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 28 days ; also, ship " Protector," commanded 
by Capt. Williams ; engaged Jan. 14, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; ser\-ice, 7 
mos. 3 days. 

Anderson, Isaac. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; roll made up for 
service from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1782; service, 3 mos. 12 days; reported 
transferred to 3d Artillery regt., April 13, 1781. 

Anderson, Jacob, North Yarmouth. Private, Capt. John Worthley's co., Col. Ednmnd 
Phinney's regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment. May 12, 1775, to date of 
marching to headquarters, July 6, 1775; also, company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; enlisted Ma}' 12, 1775; also, order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Anderson, James. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co., 2d Cumberland Co. regt.; ser- 
vice, 6 days, in Nov., 1775; company detached bj" order of Col. Jonathan Mitchel 
to work on fort at Falmouth. 

Anderson, James, Shelburne. Private, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co.. Col. Nicholas 
Dyke's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Sept. 17, 1776; also, pay 
abstract for mileage, etc., home, dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 28, 1776; re- 
ported 6 days allowance; also, Capt. John Wells's co.. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1770; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 
100 days; marched to Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Wells's co.. Col. David Wells's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 2 days, in Northern department. 



234 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Anderson, James, Blandford. Private, Capt. Reuben Munn's co., Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt. ; return for travel allowance dated Roxbiury, Sept. 17, 1776 ; also, pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Boston, Nov. 26, 1776; also, Capt. Phineas 
Stebbins's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's rept. ; enlisted Oct. 7, 1778; discharjjed 
Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 inos. 12 days; marched to Boston to reinforce Gen. 
Sullivan. 

Anderson, James. Corporal, Capt. David Bent's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 5, 1777; discharged Oct. 22, 1777; service, 2 mos., at the Northward. 

Anderson, James. Private, Capt. Nicholas Crosbj-'s co.. Col. John Allan's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 8, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; company 
raised for defence of Machias. 

Anderson, James. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams ; engaged April 20, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days. 

Anderson, James. Seaman, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson; 
engaged Nov. 24, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; engagement, 12 months; 
reported transferred to the " Alliance," Dec. 21, 1781. 

Anderson, James, Jr. Private, Capt. John Gray's co.,Col. Jonathan Mitchell's regt.; 
enlisted July 7, 1779; service, 2 mos. 6 days, on expedition to Penobscot. Roll 
dated North Yarmouth. 

Anderson, Jean, Yarmouth. List of men mustered in Barnsta])le Co. ; Capt. Davis's 
CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; mustered May 19, 1777, by Joseph Otis, Muster Master; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Anderson, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Lemuel Pomeroy's co., Col. Dickenson's regt., 
commanded by Maj. Clap; service, 38 days; roll dated July 10, 1777. 

Anderson, Jeremiah, Norwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Kirtland's co., 
Col. Israel Chapin's regt.; age, 27 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; 
residence, Norwich; enlisted July, 1780; enlistment, 3 montlis; also, Corporal, 
Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's co., Col. Seth Murray's regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days ; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Andekson, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Knight's co. ; enlisted July 11, 177"); service, 
6 mos. 6 days, at Falmouth, Cuml)erland Co. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Jan. 3, 1777; discharged April 1, 1777; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 29 days ; enlistment to exjjire March 23, 1777 ; marched to Ticon- 
deroga. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. John Wells's co., Col. David Wells's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 
Roll dated Shelburne. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777; discharged Feb. 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 days. 
Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 10, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 24 days ; company detached 
to fortify a post at Boston. 

Anderson, John, New Hampshire. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable 
to resolve of April 20, 1778; 3d Middlesex Co. regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 
in.; residence, New Hanipsliire; enlistment, 9 months; also. Private, Qa,\it. Or- 
ringh Stoddard's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's regt. ; muster rolls for Nov., 1778-Jan., 
1779, dated Providence ; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence ; reported on command at Newtown. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 235 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co., Col. Nathaniel Jordan's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1779; discharged Oct. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo., at Falmouth. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. Roger Lihliv's co. ; detached from Cumberland Co. 
militia, under command of Nathaniel Jordan, Esq.; enlisted Oct. 1, 1779; dis- 
charged Oct. 23, 1779; service, 23 da3-s, at the Eastward. 

Anderson, John, Taunton (also given Boston). Descriptive list of enlisted men; 
birthplace, Great Britain; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, light; residence, Taunton; enlisted Oct., 1779; joined Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt. ; mustered by Capt. Haskell ; enlistment, during war. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 30, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 1 mo. 20 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Anderson, John, Taunton. Private, Capt. James Cooper's (4th) co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's (14th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Fel). 11, 
1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported joined April 12,1778; also, Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Joseph Bates's 
CO., 14th regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 1 to Oct. 1, 1780. 

Anderson, John, Cape Ann. Master's Mate, ship " Franklin," connnanded by Capt. 
Allen Hallet; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, June 20, 1781; 
age, 25 yrs.; complexion, dark; residence. Cape Ann. 

Anderson, John, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of enlisted men; birthplace, Alegen, 
Scotland; age, 32 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, sandy; hair, red; occu- 
pation, laborer; residence, Rehoboth; enlisted for town of Taunton; enlisted 
Jan. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Joseph Bates's (also given Capt. Hastings's) 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also. Private, 
Capt. Bates's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-May, 1781, 
dated West Point; reported on command with infantry in April and May; also, 
muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; reported on command with light infantry; 
also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill; reported on command with light 
infantrj-; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; reported on command with light 
infantry; a/«o, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts; also, list 
of men furloughed; Capt. Hastings's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; leave given 
by Gen. Paterson to go from New Windsor to Taunton for 55 days from Dec. 16, 
1782 ; overstayed 28 days on account of lameness ; also, list of deserters ; deserted 
Feb. 28 [year not given] from furlough; joined at New Windsor, March 1, 1783; 
also, list of men discharged; discharged June 10, 1783, by Gen. Washington, enlist- 
ment having expired. 

Anderson, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's (8th) co., 4th regt. ; muster 
rolls for May-Sept., 1783; balance of term of enlistment in Oct., 1783, 5 months. 

Anderson, John, Windham. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Mayberry's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester Heights home 
[year not given] . 

Anderson, John, Boston. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; enlisted for town of Wilmington. 

Anderson, John, Falmouth. List of men enlisted into Continental .\jmy [year not 
given] ; enlisted for town of Reading. 

Anderson, Jonathan, Salem. Seaman, ship "Pilgrim," commanded by Capt. Joseph 
Robinson; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 2, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 1 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Anderson, Joseph. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. David Wells's 
regt. ; enlisted May 8, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days ; 
marched to Ticonderoga. 



2.36 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Anderson, Joseph. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co., Col. John Dickinson's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 22, 1777 ; service, 8 days ; marched 
on an alarm to Bennington. 

Anderson, Joseph J. Lieutenant, Capt. John Mott's co., Col. Elias Dayton's (3d 
New Jersey) regt. ; muster rolls for Dec, 1776-May, 1777 ; enlisted Nov. 30, 1776 ; 
also, muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1777. 

Anderson, Richard, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah "Wood's co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Northhridge, Feb. 13, 1778; 
residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Northhridge; joined Capt. Joseph Wil- 
liams's CO., Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to expire June 11, 1780. 

Anderson, Richard, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah Wilder's co., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; residence, 
Boston ; enlisted for town of Templeton ; joined Capt. Joseph Williams's co.. Col. 
John Greaton's (2dJ regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Anderson, Richard, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Abraham Wat- 
son's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7i in. ; complexion, 
light; hair, light; eyes, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Boston; enlisted 
for town of Bridgewater; enlisted June 1, 1777, by Lieut. Tuttle; enlistment, 
during war; aluo, Private, Caj)!. Joseph AVilliams's co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; a/so, Capt. Watson's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; a/.so, muster rolls for 
Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; reported on command with liglit infantrj' in 
Feb., March and April ; also, muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp near Dobbs's 
Ferry ; reported on command with light infantry. 

Anderson, Rohert. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co., 2d Cumberland Co. regt.; 
service, 6 days, in Nov., 1773; company detached by order of Col. Jonathan 
Mitchell, to work on fort at Falmouth. 

Anderson, Rokeht, North Yarmouth. List of men raised to reinforce army, dated 
Dec. 3, 1776 ; also, list of men raised for the term of 9 months from the time of 
their arrival at Fishkill, as returned l>y Brig. Lemuel Thompson, dated Bruns- 
wick, July 1, 1778. 

Anderson, Robert. Sergeant, Capt. Abraham Tyler's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted May 30, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos. 20 days, at North 
River, N. Y. ; also, pay roll for Sei)t., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; also, pay rolls for 
Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry ; also, Capt. John Gray's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Mitchell's regt.; enlisted Jul_y 7, 1779; service, 2 mos. 6 days, on expe- 
dition to Penol)scot. Roll dated North Yarmouth. 

Anderson, Samuel. Sentinel, Capt. Robert Hodges's co., Col. William Jones's regt. ; 
service in assisting in the recapture of the ship "Grout" ("Gruel") from the 
British ship "Rainbow," Sei)t. 10, 1777. 

Anderson, Samuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloper's co., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 26 days, at 
Claverack; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Anderson, Samuel. Private, Cajtt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; 
enlistment, during war. 

Anderson, Samuel, Jr., Blandford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Lieut. Meconithy's co.. Col. Moseley 's regt., dated Oct. 26, 1780 ; enlistment, 
3 months; also, Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 9, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1780 ; service, 2 mos. 21 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 237 



Anderson, Thomas, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Daniel Egery's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; serv'ice, 5 days; also, 
Capt. Egery's co., Col. Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
Ma}' 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days; also, company return dated Roxliury, Oct. 
6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Dec. 24, 1775. 

Anderson, Thomas, P'almouth. Private, Capt. John Lane's co., 10th regt. ; enlisted 
June 20, 1775; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 4 mos. 21 daj's; also, j)ay 
roll for service from Nov. 1, 1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days. Roll dated 
Cape Ann. 

Anderson, Thomas. - Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; enlisted Feb. 21, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 24, 1776 ; service, 9 mos. 2 days, at Falmouth. 

Anderson, Thomas, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Peter Noyes's {1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 177H; joined Capt. 
James Keith's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, 
Capt. Keith's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from April 1, 1777, to April — , 1778; credited to town of Falmouth; reported died 
April, 1778. 

Anderson, Thomas, Shelburne. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. "Wells's co., 
Col. Wells's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; hair, dark ; residence, Shel- 
burne ; enlistment, 9 months ; received at Springfield July 19, 1779, by Capt. James 
Cooper; also, Colonel's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlisted July 12, 1779 ; discharged 
April 12, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Anderson, Thomas. Surgeon, Col. Gideon Burt's (1st Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
June 16, 1782; service, 6 days, at Northampton, by order of the high sheriff. 

Anderson, Thomas. List of Massachusetts State Pensioners; reported died Aug. 
6, 1810. 

Anderson, William, Colrain or Shelburne. Private, Capt. Hugh McClennen's (McClel- 
len) CO., Col. Samuel Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response 
to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; reported enlisted into the army 
May 1, 1775. 

Anderson, William, Cambridge (also given New York) . Capt. Peter Coburn's (also 
given Colburn) co.. Col. Bridge's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at 
Cambridge, June 22, 1775; also, Fifer; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May "29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 8 days; also, Private; company return dated Sept. 
26, 1775. 

Anderson, William, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 11 days; also, 
Capt. Mayhew's co.. Col. Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; 
reported discharged Sept. 1, 1775. 

Anderson, William. Private, Capt. Lawrence Kemp's co.. Col. Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 23, 1777; discharged April 10, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days, at 
Ticonderoga. 

Anderson, William. Private, Capt. W. Brakenridge's co.. Col. Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 29, 1777; service, 26 days, at 
Manchester, under command of Col. Seth Warner. 

Anderson, William. Private, Capt. John Wells's co., Col. David AVells's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, 
in Northern department. Roll dated Shelburne. 



238 [MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AKD SAILORS 

Anderson, William. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co., Col. Jacob Gemsh's regt. 
of gtiards; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
23 days. Rolls dated Camp at "Winter Hill. 

Anderson, William, Boston. List of men mustered in SufFolk Co. by Nathaniel 
Barber, dated Boston, Jan. 19, 1777; Maj. Ebenezer Stevens's regt.; enlistment. 
3 years or during war; also, Corporal, Capt. Stephen Buckland's co., Col. John 
Crane's (3d Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 12 mos. as Corporal, 23 mos. 27 days 
as Sergeant; also, return of men in service on or before Aug. 1, 1777, dated Park 
of Artillery near Morristown, Jan. 28, 1780; also. Sergeant, Capt. Buckland's co.. 
Col. Crane's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return of men in Capt. Samuel Shaw's co., 3d Artillery 
regt., dated West Point, Jan. 9, 1781; enlisted Jan. 3, 1777, by Sergt. Tracy; 
enlistment, during war; also, Sergeant, Capt. Shaw's co., Col. Crane's regt.; 
muster rolls for Feb.-April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Anderson, William, Stow. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; 
age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, blue; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Stow; enlisted April 4, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Anderson, William. Marine, ship " Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul Jones ; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig " Active." 

Anderwig, Presley. Matross, Capt. William Pierce's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; muster rolls for Sept., 1778-Feb., 1779, dated Providence; enlisted 
June 14, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; reported in Col. Harrison's regt. in Dec, 
1778 ; also, muster roll for March, 1779. 

Anderws, Jonathan. Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) 
regt.; order for ])Ounty coat or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 
30, 1775. 

Anderws, Lemtel, Easton. Private, Capt. Macy AVilliams's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 daj-s. 

Andews, Aaron. Private, Capt. William Pearson's co.; payroll for 1 month service 
between June 1 and Aug. 31, 1776; stationed at Gloucester. 

Andison, Gideon, Amherst. Private, Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co.. Col. Woodbridge's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days. 

Andos, Seth. Certificate of enlistment given by selectmen of Taunton, dated Sept. 
25, 1781, certifjMng that said Andos was hired by Class No. 21 of Taunton to 
serve in the army for 3 years or during war. 

Andoss, Jedaiah. Certificate of enlistment given by selectmen of Taunton dated Sept. 
25, 1781, certifying that said Andoss was hired by Class No. 18 of Taunton to 
ser\'e in the army 3 years or during war. 

Andras, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Abel Richard's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.; enlisted 
March 23, 1778; discharged April 6, 1778; service, 15 da.ys, at Roxbury and 
Boston. 

Andras, David. Private, Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Lieut. Col. Wheelock's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days. Roll 
sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Andras, Julian. Seaman, frigate " Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged March 11, 1779; reported in the " Leverne." 

Andras, Lemuel, Western or Oakham. Private, Capt. Joseph Cutler's co. of volun- 
teers ; enlisted Sept. 24, 1777 ; service, 32 days ; marched to join Gen. Gates at the 
Northward. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 239 

Andras, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Lieut. Col. Wheelock's rept. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 nio. 3 days. Roll 
sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Andrass, Asa, Stockbridpe. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. Patterson's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 20, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Andraws, Ludim, South Brimfield. Private, Capt. Walbridge's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt.; company return [probabl}- Oct., 1775]. 

Andraws, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Drury's co.. Col. Ezra AVood's regt. ; en- 
listed June 6, 1778; discharged Veh. 10, 1779; service, 8 uios. 4 days, at North 
River, N. Y. 

Andreas, Henry. Private, Capt. Jacob Hoskins's co., Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 6, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 2 mos. 27 days; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Andres, Asa. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Cook's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 22 days. 

Andres, Elisha. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Storer's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos. 3 days, ^\ith Northern army; 
discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Andres, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. Asa Barns's co. ; enlisted July 13, 1777 ;. service, 15 
days, on an alarm at Manchester. 

Andres, John, Wells. Private, Capt. Noah M. Littlefield's co., Col. Moulton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Andres, John. Corporal, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; return of men enlisted for 1 year from Dec, 1775 ; also, returns for wages 
for Jan. and March, 1776. 

Andres, Joshua. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Storer's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos. 3 days, with Northern army; 
discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Andres, Nehemiah, Bernardston. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days. 

Andres, Samuel. Agreement dated April 26, 1775, showing voluntary enlistment to 
serve until Dec. 31, 1775 ; Capt. Stearns's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. [name cancelled 
on roll] . 

Andres, Samuel, Ware. Private, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 
5 days. 

Andres, Stephen. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776; discharged Feb. 17, 1777; service, 2 mos. 5 days. 
Roll dated Morristown. 

Andres, Stephen. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Storer's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos. 3 days, with Northern 
army ; discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Andres, Thomas, Ware. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
1 week, 5 days. 

Andres, William, Buxton. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Hill's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mon's (30th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 f service, 
12 weeks 6 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Oct. 26, 1775. 



240 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS A^'D SAILORS 

AxDRESS, Jajies, DigLton. Private, Capt. James Briggs's CO., Col. Freeman's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1777 ; discliarged Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days, 
on a secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Andress, Jeremiah. Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) 
regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 
30, 1775. 

Andress, John, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Warner's co., Col. Little's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 177;")] ; enlisted May 4, 177-J ; age, 19 yrs. 

Andress, John, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's 
(later Baldwin's) 26th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"i; enlisted May 2, 
1775; service, 13 weeks; also, company return dated Camp at Chelsea, Oct. 2, 
1775; also, list of men absent from muster, dated Chelsea, Oct. 3, 1775; reported 
on sentry duty; also. Corporal, Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.; pay 
abstracts for Feb. and April, 1776; also, pay abstracts for May and June, 1776, 
dated New York ; also, Capt. Dodge's co., commanded by Lieut. Cheever; return 
for mileage in 1776. 

Andress, Mark, Berkley. Private, Capt. King's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Andress, Moses, Dighton. Private, Capt. James Briggs's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days, 
on a secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Andress, Rokert, Boxford. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Cainj) Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Andress, Thd. Private, 7th co. ; order for 3 months wages dated Oct. 16, 1783. 

Andress, William, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co., Col. Gerrish's 
(later Baldwin's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; 
service, 11 weeks 1 day; also, company return dated Camp at Chelsea, Oct. 2, 
1775 ; also, order for liounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 
27, 1775. 

Andress, Zachariah (also given Zephaniah), Raynham. List of men raised for the 
6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, 
in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Andreis, Jacob, Jr. Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. Moses Little's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Andreus, James. Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Andrevs, Robert. Capt. William Perley's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Caniltridge, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Andreus, Thomas. Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) regt.; order for l)Ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Andrew, Aaron, Gloucester. Capt. Benjamin Kiml)airs co.. Col. Mansfield's (later 
Israel Hutchinson's) 19th regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 
1, 1775; a^so, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 8 davs; a/so, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 
30, 1775. 



TX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 241 

Andrew, Aaron. Seaman, sloop "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; 
pay roll for service from July 1, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, dated Salem ; also, Prize 
Master, hrigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; engaged 
Jan. 1, 1777; discharged Feb. 16, 1777; service, 1 mo. 16 days. 

Andrew, Aeneas. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(5th) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1782 ; Imlance of term of enlistment, 1 year 
6 months, 23 days. 

Andrew, Amos. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Nov. 23, 1777; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 11 days, at Cam- 
bridge and Charlestown, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's army ; also, muster roll for 
Feb., 1778, dated ^Vinter Hill. 

Andrew, Benjamin. Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. Moses Little's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Andrew, Daniel, Wenham. Descriptive list of men enlisted for the term of 9 monttis 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 20, 1778; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 
ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Wenham; also, list of men enlisted from 
Essex Co. as returned by Col. R. Putnam, July 20, 1778. 

Andrew, Ebenezer, Danvers. Capt. Ebenezer Francis's (also given Lieut. Bill}' Por- 
ter's) CO., Col. Mansfield's (later Israel Hutchinson's) regt. ; order for advance pay 
dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 
4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Andrew, George, Marblehead. Prize Master, sloop "Morning Star," commanded by 
Capt. John Ravill; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 17, 1780; age, 
25 yrs.; stature, 5ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Marblehead. 

Andrew, Helston. List of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutchin- 
son of the 27th regt., dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776 ; reported taken prisoner at 
Fort Washington; service in Capt. Brown's co. 

Andreav, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched from Lanesborough, Oct. 26, 1780; service, 3 days. 

Andrew, James, Dighton. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. Pope's (Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; service, 21 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Andrew, James, Salem. Boy, ship " Rhodes," commanded by Capt. Nehemiah 
Buffington ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 14, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Andrew, Jeremiah, Manchester. Capt. Kimball's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also, Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 27 days; also, company 
return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Andrew, John. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Gardner's (1st) co.. Col. Timothy 
Pickering, Jr.'s (1st Essex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Salem, 
May 15, 1776 ; commissioned June 6, 1776. 

Andrew, John. Muster master's return signed by John Cushing, Muster Master for 
Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlisted for town of Salem; enlistment, 
9 months. 

Andrew, John, Lanesborough. Sergeant, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's regt. ; marched Oct. 26, 1780 ; service, 5 days. 

Andrew, John, Jr., Salem. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, made by 
John Cushing, Muster Master for Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlist- 
ment, 9 months. 



242 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrew, Jonathan, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Kimball's co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Au^r. 1, 1775; enlisted May 13, 1773; service, 2 raos. 24 days; 
also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. G, 177.5. 

Andrew, Joseph. Private, Cap)t. John Dod^'e's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's rejrt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 16,1777; discharged April .3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 18 days, 
at Charlestown and Canihridge, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's army ; also, muster 
roll for Feb., 1778, dated Winter Hill. 

Andrew, Michael. Private, Capt. Jacob Ludwig's co. ; enlisted Nov. 7, 1777; dis- 
charged Dec. 22, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 25 days ; company raised for defence of 
Machias. Iloll dated Waldoborough. 

Andrew, Pomp, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Elijah Crooker's co., Brig. Gen. John 
Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3. 1775; service, 3 
mos. 5 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; a^so, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxl)ury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Andrew, Samtel. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard, May 11, 
1775, under Maj. Loammi Baldwin. 

Andrew, Stephen. Private, Capt. Henry Tew's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
marched Au;;. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Andrew, Thomas, Danvers. Private, Capt. Samuel Epes's co.. Col. Pickering's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Silas 
Adams's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; service, 2 mos. ; roll dated June 29, 1777 ; also, 
Capt. Samuel Hint's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, at the Northward; also, roll 
made up for mileage from Scarsdale, N. Y., home, allowed in Council July 27, 
1778. 

Andrew, Tony, Billerica. Private, Capt. Smith's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; company 
return dated Sept. 30, 1775. 

Andrew, AVilliam. Capt. Peter Coburn's co. ; receipt for wages for Oct., 1775, dated 
Cambridge. 

Andrew, William, Salem. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 
22, 1776; service, 4 mos. 7 days, at Salem. 

Andrew, William. List of men on board ship " Jason," commanded by Capt. Simon 
Forrester, June 15, 1780. 

Andrew, Zephaniah. Private, Capt. Simeon Cobb's co., under command of Capt. 
Samuel Fisher, 3d regt.. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; enlisted Aug. 14, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company detached for 4 weeks ser\ice. 

An-drewas, George. Private, Capt. Acter Patten's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 6, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 19 days, on 
Penobscot expedition. 

Andrewes, James. Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, 
Oct. 27, 1775. 

Andrewes, Joshua. Private, Capt. Benjamin Adams's co.. Col. Johnson's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 17 da.vs, with 
Northern army. 

Andrews, . [This name also appears under the form of Adrew, Anders, Ander- 
son, Andenvs, Andews, Andos, Andoss, Andras, Andrass, Andraws, Andreas, 
Andres, Andress, Andreus, Andrew, Andrewas, Andrewes, Andrias, Andris, 
Andros, Andross, Androus, Androw, Androwes, Andrews, Andrson, Andrss, 
Andrnes, Andrus, Audruss, Aondress.] 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 243 

Andrews, Aaron. Private, Capt. William Pearson's (Sd) co. ; enlisted Jan. 19, 1776; 
roll made up to Feb. 29, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at Gloucester ; also, pay roll 
for service from March 1 to May 31, 1776, 3 mos., at Gloucester. 

Andrews, Aaron. Seaman, sloop "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk ; 
engaged July 1, 1776; discharged Sept. 30, 1776; also. Prize Master, brigantine 
"Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Fisk; engaged Sept. 30, 1776; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1777. 

Andrews, Abraham, Lanesborough. Capt. John "Wright's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(late D. Brewer's) 9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 2, 1775 ; also, Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; 
ser\"ice, 6 days. On an alarm in Aug., 1777 ; marched to Meloomscuyck. 

Andrews, Abraham. Private, Capt. Joseph Barns's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged May 19, 1777; service, 
24 days ; marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Andrews. Abraham. Quartermaster, Col. Archibald Crary's (Rhode Island) regt. ; 
muster roll for March-May, 1778, dated Bristol; enlisted March 16, 1778; enlist- 
ment, 12 months ; reported sick and absent. 

Andrews, Abraham, Woburn. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. David Greene's 
(2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
7 days; also, list of men belonging to the train band of the 3d co. of Woburn, 
under command of Capt. Timothy Winn, May 13, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; enlisted April 11, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 1, 1776; service, 7 mos. 20 days, at Hull; regiment raised for the 
defence of Boston; commissioned Sept. 7, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant of a com- 
pany detached from 2d and 3d Middlesex Co. regts. to reinforce Continental 
Army; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Oct. 16, 1779; also, Lieuten- 
ant and Adjutant, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days; enlistment, 
3 months; company detached to join Continental Army at Claverack. 

Antjrews, Abraham. Captain, Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; pay abstract for service from 
Jan. 1, 1778, to Oct. 11, 1778, at Rhode Island; also. Captain, Col. Cyprian 
Howe's regt.; detached from Middlesex Co. militia to reinforce Continental 
Army for 3 months ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 13, 1780 ; 
also, pay roll for service from date of enlistment, July 2, 1780, to Oct. 30, 1780, 4 
mos. 2 days. 

Andrews, Aeneas. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster rolls for April and May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on command at Fishkill in April and at the 
Lines in May ; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Camp near Dolibs's 
Ferry; reported on duty with wagoners; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated 
Camp at Peekskill; reported a wagoner; also, muster rolls for Sept., 1781-Feb., 
1782, dated West Point; reported wagoner with Gen. Heath in Sept., Oct. and 
Nov. ; reported on command at Stony Point in Feb. ; also, muster rolls for March, 
1782-Feb., 1783 ; reported on command at Stony Point in March and April. 

Andrews, Amasa, Topsfield. Private, Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 19, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
18 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 
1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d Essex Co. regt., 
dated Ipswich, Sept. 30, 1777; joined Capt. Job Whipple's co.. Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from April 24, 1777, to Aug. 28, 1777; reported died Aug. 28, 1777. 



244: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Andrews, Amos. Sergeant, dipt. David Strout's co. ; enlisted July 17, 177"); roll 
made up to Dee. 31, 177"); service, 5 mos. 27 days, at Cape Elizabeth and 
Scarborough. 

Andrews, Amos. Trivate, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co., Col. Joseph Foster's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 2, 1776 ; service, 9 mos. 16 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, Amos. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Crocker's co., at Falmouth ; list of sea coast 
officers; commissioned Feb. 16, 1776; appointed in place of Ebenezer Morton; 
also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. ^Villiam Crocl^er's co., Cumberland Co. regt. ; pay rolls 
for service from March 1, 1776, to Nov. 23, 1776, 8 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth. 

Andrews, Amos. Private, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; return 
dated April, 1778; reported as belonging to train band. 

Andrews, Amos, East Hoosac. Private, 6th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental 

Army pay accounts for service from May 1"), 1777, to [no service given] ; 

reported deserted ; also, Capt. Isaac Warren's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; return dated 
Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Andrews, Andrew, Dedham. List of men engaged for Continental service from Col. 
William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt.; birthplace, Ireland; joined Capt. 
Abijah Childs's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; also. Private, Capt. Childs's co.. Col. 
Greaton's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, 
to June 10, 1778 ; reported invalided June 10, 1778. 

Andrews, Appi.eton. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted March 6, 1779; 
discharged J'une 6, 1779; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield. 

Andrews, Archibald, Newbury. Private, ship " America" (privateer), commanded 
by Capt. William Coffin; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 11, 1780; 
age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Newbury. 

Andrews, Asa. Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 26, 1775. 

Andrews, Barzillai, Boston (also given Farmington). Private, Maj. Joseph Pettin- 
gill's CO., Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 12, 1780; reported deserted April 12, 1780. 

Andrews, Benjamin, Boston. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. J. Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted May 12, 177.') ; service, 2 mos. 
14 days ; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 177"). 

Andrews, Benjamin, Marblehead. Capt. Francis Symonds's co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 177.J; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 6, 1775; service, 2 mos.; also. Cor- 
poral; company return [prol)ably Oct., 1775]; reported absent; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Andrews, Benjamin, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Lit- 
tle's (12th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 
12 weeks 6 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775 ; age, 22 yrs. ; also, pay 
roll for service from Jan. 1, 1776 [service not given] ; reported on command with 
Admiral Hopkins. 

Andrews, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Phineas Stearns's co. ; service, 5 days, at 
Dorchester Heights, in March, 1776 ; company marched from Watertown by order 
of Gen. Washington. 

Andrews, Benjamin. Private, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. Cogswell's regt.; 
return dated April, 1778; reported as belonging to train band; also, Capt. Abel 
Ilichards's co., Col. Jonathan Cosswell's regt.; enlisted Oct. 6, 1778; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 27 days, with guards at Boston. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 245 

Andeews, Benjamin. Marine, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. 

"Williams; nationality, American ; stature, 5 ft. 8^ in. ; engaged July 10, 1779; dis- 
charged Sept. 6, 1779 ; service, I mo. 28 daj-s. 

Andrews, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Bullard's co.. Col. El^enezer Thayer's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Andrews, Caleb, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Charles Smith's co. ; 
enlisted July 21, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days, on sea coast defence in Essex Co. ; 
also, pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1775, to Jan. 1, 1776, 2 mos. 6 days, on sea 
coast defence inrEssex Co. 

Andrews, Caleb. 2d Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co., Col. Joseph Foster's 
regt. ; enlisted Jan. 17, 1776 ; service, 10 mos. 2 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, Caleb. Private, Capt. Joseph Hodgkins's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
regt.; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted May 19, 
1777 ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Andrews, Chadborne. Private, Capt. Thomas "Wills's co.. Col. Daniel Morgan's 
(11th and loth) regt.; pay abstract for Oct., 1778; roll endorsed 11th Virginia 
regt. 

Andrews, Christopher, Stockbridge. Corporal, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d 
Berkshire Co. regt.; service, 4 days, on tlie alarm of Oct. 14, 1780, at the West- 
ward ; also, pay roll for 2 days service from Oct. 20, 1780, on an alarm at the 
Westward. 

Andrews, Colmax. Private, Capt. William Foord's co., Col. John Broom's regt.; 
enlisted Juh- 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Andrews, Daniel. Private, Capt. John Maynard's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; senice, 3 days; marched to 
Hadley on the alarm at Bennington, by order of Col. Denny. Roll dated 
Shrewsbury. 

Andrews, Daniel. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich," and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Andrews, Daniel. Private, Capt. Christopher Marshall's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt.; muster roll dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; enlisted June 20, 1778; enlist- 
ment, 9 months. 

Andrews, Daniel, Ips^vich. Private, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 12 weeks 6 
days ; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775 ; age, 20 yrs. ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in monej-, dated Dec. 21, 1775; also, return of men 
raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted April 6, 1781 ; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Andrews, David, Dedham. Corporal, Capt. William Bullard's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (South Parish) ; 
service, 10 days. 

Andrews, David, Dighton. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hathaway's co.. Col. Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 17 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 
1776; reported in camp at Bristol, thence marched to Howland's Ferry, R. I. 

Andrews, David, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. John White's co., Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1777; service, 14 days, with Northern army, on an alarm 
at Bennington ; reported deserted Aug. 10, 1777. 



246 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrews, David, Hinpham. Fifer, Capt. Thomas Hersey's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 clays ; marched to Dorchester ; also. Pri- 
vate, Lieut. Heman Lincoln's co.. Col. Lovel's rejrt. ; marched June 23, 1776; 
discharged June 25, 1776; service, 2 days, at Hull; also, Capt. Peter Cushing's 
CO., Col. David Cushing's regt. ; service, 6 days, under command of Maj. Thomas 
Lothrop; company assembled at Hull, Feb. 27, 1778. 

AxDRE-vvs, David. Private, Capt. Christopher Marshall's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt.; muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; enlisted June 20, 1778; 
discharged March 20, 1779 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Andrews, David. Sergeant, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; 
service, 8 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; marched to Tiver- 
ton, R. I. Roll dated Taunton. 

Andrews, Ebex, Danvers. Private, Capt. Israel Hutchinson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Andrews, Ebenezer, Hanover. Corporal, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John 
Bailey's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Andrews, Ebenezer. Capt. John Haraden's co. ; return dated May 11, 1775. 

Andreavs, Ebenezer, Dighton. Sergeant, Capt. Peter Pitt's co., Col. Timothy Walker's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days ; also, company return [probably Oct. 6, 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 5, 1775. 

Andreavs, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co., 1st Plymouth Co. regt. ; en- 
listed July 17, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 

Andrews, Ebenezer. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symraes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Coun- 
cil of May 12, 1777. 

Andrews, Edmund. List of men with Capt. Abisliai Brown at Nantasket [year not 
given] . 

Andrews, Edmund, Easton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. George Williams's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 
32 days, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island ; marched from Taunton . 

Andrews, Edward. Private, Capt. Ephraim Ilathaway's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; enlisted July 20, 1777; discharged Aug. 24, 1777; service, 1 mo. 5 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dighton. 

Andrews, Elisha, Berwick. Private, Caj)!. Ebenezer Sullivan's co.. Col. James 
Scammon's regt.; company return [proltably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 5, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej-, dated Cambridge, Dec. 20, 
1775. 

Andrews, Elkanah. Private, Capt. Henry Tew's co., Col. John Ilathaway's regt.; 
marched Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Andrew^s, Elkanah. Quartermaster, Col. John Ilathaway's (2d Bristol Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; roll made up to Aug. 8, 1780; service, 8 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Andrews, Ei.kanaii, Jr., Dighton. Private, Capt. Ephraim Ilathaway's co., Col. 
Pojje's (Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 8 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 
8, 1776 ; reported in camp at Bristol, thence marched to Howland's Ferry, R. I. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 247 

Andreavs, Ephraim, Berkley. Private, Capt. Samuel Tubbs's co., Col. Timothy 
Walker's re.irt. ; muster roll dated Au^. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj- 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 7 days ; aho, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775. 

AxDREws, Ephraim. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newhall, 
Muster Master ; Capt. Gates's CO., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; mustered July 18, 1777 ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

AxDREWs, Ephraim. Return for provisions from March 13 to April 10, 1779, dated 
Boston. 

Andrews, Ephraim. _ Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Josepli Gerrish's (1st) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Claverack. 

Andrews, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co. ; enlisted Sept. 14, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at Machias; aho, Cai)t. Jabez 
West's CO. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days ; 
company raised for defence of Machias and expedition against Nova Scotia ; also, 
Capt. Joseph Sevey's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
June 23, 1777; discharged July 16, 1777; service, 23 days, at Machias, when ship 
" Ambuscade " lay in the harbor; also, payroll for service between July 16, 1777, 
and Oct. 10, 1777, 2 mos. 24 days, at Machias, when British ships lay in the har- 
bor, and until relieved by Col. John Allan ; also, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th 
Lincoln Co. regt. ; pay roll for 8 days service between Aug. 31 and Nov. 20, 1779. 

Andrews, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co., Col. Abiel Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Andrews, Ezekiel, Wilmington (also given Boston). Capt. John Harnden's co.. Col. 
Eljenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cam- 
bridge, June 22, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 
7, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, companj- return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 28, 1775. 

Andrews, Ezekiel. Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Robinson's regt. ; receipt for wages 
from Feb. 5 to April 1, 1776, dated Chelmsford. 

Andrews, Ezekiel. Sergeant, Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Mason's regt.; Continental 

Army pay accounts for senice from July 16, 1779, to [service not given] ; 

reported deserted. 

Andrews, Ezekiel, Boston. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Melvill's (2d) co.. Col. Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 20, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 
2 mos. 17 days; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Ca])t. 
Asa Fairbanks's (South) co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt., 
dated Wrentham, Feb. 16, 1778 ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Wren- 
tham; joined Capt. Treadwell's co., Col. Crane's regt. (also given Capt. Lyman's 
CO., Col. Lee's regt.) ; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also. Sergeant, Capt. William Tread- 
well's CO., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 23, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for Sept. and Oct., 
1777 ; reported sick at Bethlehem ; also, muster roll for Dec, 1777 ; reported sick 
at " Rems Town; " also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to May 23, 1780. 

Andrews, George, Taunton. Private, Capt. James Williams, Jr.'s co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; discharged 
April 29, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Andrews, George, Westborough. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. George Baker's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5^ days. 



248 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrews, George. Corporal, Capt. John Shaw's co., Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt., com- 
manded liy Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Godfrey's brigade; service, 8 days, 
at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, George. Private, Capt. Daniel Pilsbury's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(late Nixon's) 6th regt.; return for service for Aug. -Dec, 1782; time allowed 
from Sept. 21, 1782. 

Andrews, George, Jr., Westborough. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co. (mounted 
troop), Col. Job Cushing's regt.; service, 5 days; company marched Aug. 21, 
1777, to reinforce Northern army l)y order of Generals Stark and Lincoln, thence 
proceeded to Hadley, and were there counter-ordered ; also, pay abstract for 2 
mos. service at Dorchester and 2 mos. service at New York [year not given] ; 
reported as belonging to alarm list ; also, list of men reported as serving in train 
band [year not given] . 

Andrews, Gilbert. Private, Capt. Peter Clayes's (Light Infantry) co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (late Nixon's) 6th regt.; return for ser\'ice for Jan. -Dec, 1782; 
time allowed from April 12, 1782. 

Andrews, Henry. Private, Cai)t. "William Tupper's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 28, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 14, 1778 ; ser\ice, 2 mos. 16 days, 
at Boston. 

Andrews, Henry, Taunton. Private, Capt. Daniel Drake's co., Col. Drury's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 10, 1781; arrived in camp Sept. 21, 1781; discharged 
Dec. 6, 1781 ; arrived home Dec. 16, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; marched to 
North River. 

Andrews, Isaac, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Altrahara Dodge's 
CO., Col. Moses Little's (12th) regt.; enlisted Dec. 1, 177"); reported on command 
with Admiral Hopkins ; also, muster roll for April, 1776. 

Andrews, Isaac, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Andrews, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; service, 6 da.vs, in Aug., 1777; 
marched on an alarm from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck ; also, Lieut. Joseph 
Farnam's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 5, 
1777 ; discharged Sept. 30, 1777 ; service, 26 days ; marched from Lanesborough 
to Pawlct. 

Andrews, Isaac. Private, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; return 
dated April, 1778; reported as belonging to train band. 

Andrews, Isaac. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent to Boston from Halifax in the cartel 
"Swift," Sept. 30, 1778; return made by Thomas Baildon, Commissary. 

Andrews, Israel. Private, Capt. John Lane's co.. Col. Joseph Foster's regt.; en- 
listed Jan. 11, 1776; service, 10 mos. 6 days, at Gloucester; served in Capt. 
Daniel Giddings's co. from Feb. In, 1776. 

Andrews, Israel. Private, Capt. Joseph Sevey's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lin- 
coln Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 2.3, 1777 ; discharged July 16, 1777 ; service, 23 days, 
at Machias, when ship "Ambuscade" lay in the harl)or; also. Corporal ; pay roll 
for service from July 16, 1777, to Oct. 10, 1777, 2 mos. 24 days; stationed at Ma- 
chias when British ships lay in the harbor until relieved by Col. John Allan ; also, 
Sergeant, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; service, 6 days, at Ma- 
chias, between Aug. 31 and Nov. 20, 1779. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 249 

Andrews, Israel, Ipswich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d 
Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. John Burnhani's co., Col. 
Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Burnain's co., 
Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 29, 
1777, to May 27, 1778; reported died May 27, 1778. 

Andrews, Issachar. List of men who enlisted into Continental Army in 1777. 

Andrews, Issachar. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Heald's (7th) co.. Col. Francis 
Faulkner's (3d Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned Feb. 4, 1779. 

Andrews, Issachar. .List of men who were detached with Col. Thatcher [year not 
given] . 

Andrews, Jacob, Boxford. Private, Capt. Jacob Gould's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Andrews, Jacob. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Foster's regt.; enlisted 
March 12, 1776 ; service, 7 mos. 13 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joseph Hodgkins's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted May 19, 1777; 
enlistment, 8 months ; reported on command at regimental hospital. 

Andrews, Jacob, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Abraham Dodge's 
CO., Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 
1775; service, 12 weeks 6 days; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775; age, 23 
yrs. ; also, Capt. David Low's (3d) co., Col. Jonathan Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) 
regt. ; pay abstract for equipments dated Aug. 21, 1778 ; reported as belonging to 
train band. 

Andrews, Jacob, Jr. Capt. David Low's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; list of men 
returned as belonging to the alarm list, dated April 30, 1778. 

Andrews, James, Williamstown. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., which marched 
April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, 
Capt. Sloan's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp 
at Charlestown, July 3, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
5, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Andrews, James, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ma.v 3, 1775; service, 12 weeks 6 
days ; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775 ; age, 28 yrs. 

Andrews, James, Marblehead. Capt. John Merrett's co., Col. John Glover's (21st) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 30, 1775; service, 2 mos. 6 days; 
also, company return [prot)abh' Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Andrews, James. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Foster's regt. ; enlisted 
March 12, 1776 ; service, 8 mos. 8 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, James, Taunton. Private, Capt. Robert Crosman's co.. Col. George Wil- 
liams's regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 30, 1776; service, 24 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched by way of Rehohoth to Warren, R. I.; 
also, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. Williams's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; dis- 
charged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, on a secret expedition. 

Andrews, James. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Haraden; engaged Fel). 27, 1777; discharged June 5, 1777; service, 3 mos. 7 
da.ys; also, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Haraden ; engaged 



250 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrews, James, continurd. 

Oct. 1, 1777; discharf?ed May 8, 1778; service, 7 inos. 8 days; also, brigantine 
"Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Haraden; list of men who served for 6 
days, dated Boston, June 18, 1778. 

Andrews, James. Private, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; return 
dated April, 1778 ; reported as belonging to train band. 

Andrews, James, Boxford. Private, Capt. Jacob Gould's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 daj's; also, return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Feb. 13, 1778; joined Capt. Job 
Whipple's CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1780; 
also, Capt. Whipple's co., Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from April 1"), 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 30 mos. 16 
days as Private, 2 mos. as Corporal; also, Corporal, Capt. Whipple's co.. Col. 
Putnam's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
April 15, 1780. 

Andrews, James. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Pratt's co.. Col. Mitchell's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's l)rigade; 
service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrew.s, James. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hathawa.v's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.. Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on 
the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, James. Private, Capt. Matthew Randell's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 7, 1778; discharged Feb. G, 1778; service, 1 mo., on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; also, Capt. Randall's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchell's regt. ; enlisted July 
29, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days; company raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Andrews, James, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship "Salem 
Paclvet," conmianded by Capt. Joseph Cook, dated Nov. 25, 1780; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Andrews, Jedediah, Taunton. Private, Capt. Turner's co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
regt. ; pay roll dated Camp near Morristown, May 6, 1780 ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1777 ; 
enlistment, 3 years; reported transferred from Col. Ilenr}- Sherburn's regt., by 
order of Gen. Washington, May 2, 1780 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
April 5, 1781 ; returned by James Williams, Superintendent of Bristol Co. ; age, 
39 yrs.; stature, 6 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; occiipati(m, farmer; residence, 
Taunton; enlistment, 3 years; marched to Springfield to be delivered to Col. 
Shepherd; also. Private, Capt. Joseph Killam's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt. ; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Feb. 7, 1781. 

Andrews, Jeremiah, Rowley. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 11, 1778; 
age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; liair, brown; eyes, dark; 
residence, Rowley. 

Andrews, Jeremiah. Private, Maj. William Lithgow's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(15th) regt.; muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; enlisted Jan. (or 
June) 11, 1778; discharged March 11, 1779; enlistment, 9 months. 

Andrews, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Jabez West's co. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 23, 1776; service, 1 mo. 9 days; company raised for defence of 
Machias and expedition against Nova Scotia; also, Capt. Joseph Seavey's co.. 
Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; service, 1 day, at Machias, between Dec. 5 and 
Dec. 25, 1778; also, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; service, 4 days, 
at Machias, between Aug. 31 and Nov. 20, 1779. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 251 

Andrews, Job, Gloucester. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] . 

Andrews, Joel. Private, Capt. Oilman's (6th) co., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; return 
of men in service from Sept. to Nov., 1776, dated North Castle; also, order for 
wages dated Peekskill, Dec. 23, 1776. 

Andrews, John, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Daniel Rogers's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Andrews, John, Brunswick. Private, Capt. James Curtis's co. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 3 mos. 

Andrews, John, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Hart's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's 
(28th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 77 
days ; also, Capt. John "Wiley's co., Col. Sargent's regt. ; company return [proba- 
bly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 
13", 1775. 

Andrews, John, Oloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 
days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, 
Nov. 25, 1775. 

Andreavs, John, Ipswich. Sergeant, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 23, 1775 ; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 12 weeks 6 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 9, 1775 ; age, 30 yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Andrews, John, Dedham. Sergeant, Capt. William Bullard's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedhaui (South Parish) ; 
service, 10 days; also, Capt. Bullard's co., Col. William Mcintosh's regt.; ser- 
vice, 5 days, on the alarm of March 4, 1776. 

Andrews, John. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's (6th) co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(38th) regt.; return of men absent from muster, dated Chelsea, Sept., 1775; re- 
ported on guard ; also, list of men who requested permission to go to Cape Ann for 
clothing, dated Chelsea, Sept. 22, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. [See Jonathan Andrews.] 

Andrews, John. Private, Capt. William Lithgow's co. ; pay rolls for service from 
Aug. 16, 1775, to Nov. 23, 1776; stationed at Falmouth. 

Andrews, John, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in ser^ice from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Andrews, John. Corporal, Capt. John Maynard's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 23, 1777 ; service, 3 days ; marched on Ben- 
nington alarm to Hadley by order of Col. Denney. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Andrewj;, John. Capt. William Perkins's co., Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775 ; also, 
Matross, Capt. Perkins's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt.; muster rolls for 
Sept. and Oct., 1777; enlistment, 3 years; reported on command at the North- 
ward ; also, Bombardier, Lieut. James Hall's (also given Capt. William Perkins's) 
CO., Col. Crane's regt.; payroll for service from Nov. 1, 1777, to Jan. 1, 1778, 2 
mos.; reported preferred Nov. 1, 1777. 

Andrews, John. Private, Lieut. William Foster's co.. Col. Pierce's regt.; enlisted 
March 1, 1778 ; discharged April 4, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Long Island. 



252 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andhews, John, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 17 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; company raised in Essex and York counties ; stationed 
at East Greenwich, II. I. ; also, certificate of service dated Ipswich, Jan. 18, 1779; 
also, Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; return of men who served in boats on 
expedition against Newport [year not given] ; service, 26 days. 

Andrews, John, Western. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Joseph Cutler's co., 
Col. Rice's regt. ; age, 2") yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, 
Western; mustered June 29, 1779; enlisted July 8, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; 
marched to Springfield. 

Andrews, John. Private, Capt. John Shaw's co.. Col. Ahiel Mitchel's regt. ; com- 
manded by Lieut. Col. James AVilliams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; service, 8 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched Aug. 2, 1780, to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, John, Raynham. Corporal, Capt. John Callender's co.. Col. John Crane's 
(Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 8, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Boml)ardicr; muster roll for Nov., 1778, dated Providence; 
also. Corporal ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Providence ; reported on command 
at Tiverton ; also, Capt. Slewman's co., Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 7, 1780; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men dated Jan. 11, 1781; age, 2.') yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, 
fair; residence, Raynham; rank. Corporal; enlisted April 9, 1777, by Lieut. 
Pierce; joined Capt. John Slueman's co., 3d regt.; discharged April 9, 1780; en- 
listment, 3 j-ears. 

Andrews, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 7 mos. 24 days, at the 
Eastward, imder command of Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. Roll sworn to in York Co. 

Andrews, John. Private, Capt. Josiah Keith's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (Bristol Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 16, 1781 ; service, 13 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Andrews, John. Petition dated Boston, Feb. 7, 1782, signed l)y Nathaniel Bennett and 
others, asking that said Andrews be commissioned as commander of the schooner 
" Tryall " (privateer) ; approved in Council, Feb. 7, 1782. 

Andrews, John. Sergeant, Capt. John Read's co.. Col. James Hunter's regt. ; enlisted 
April 14, 1782; discharged Nov. 20, 1782 ; service, 7 mos. 7 days; company raised 
for defence of Eastern department. 

Andrews, John, Ware (also given Brookfield). Capt. Gilman's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. 
Nixon's (4th) regt. ; receipt for wages for Dec, 1776; also, return of men in ser- 
Aice in Jan., 1777, dated Springfield ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. William Breckenridge's co.. Col. Ruggles AVoodbridge's (4th 
Hampshire Co.) regt., dated South Hadley, May 28, 1777; also, Capt. John 
Holden's (4th) co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from March 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas Barnes's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt. ; return of n)en in service on or l)efore Aug. 15, 1777, dated Camp 
near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Capt. Holden's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; muster 
roll for May, 1779, dated Highlands; also, Capt. Cla.ves's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 19, 1780; 
residence, Brookfield; also, Capt. Matthew Chamljers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (6th) regt. ; return of men in service Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; time allowed from 
July 16, 1781 ; reported " no date of enlistment ; " also, return of men in service 
Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported sick in hosintal July and Aug., 1782; promoted to 
Corporal, Sept. 1, 1782; also, Capt. Daniel Pilsbur.y'8 co., Lieut. Col. Smitli's 
regt. ; return of men in service Aug. -Dec, 1782; reported transferred from Capt. 
Chambers's co. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 253 

Andrews, John. Capt. David Low's (3d) co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; list of men re- 
turned as belonging to alarm list, dated April 30, 1778. 

Andrews, John, Jr. Private, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; list 
of men returned as belonging to train band, dated April, 1778. 

Andreavs, Jonathan, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Andrews, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co. ; order for wages dated 
Wenham, May 9, 1777. 

Andrews, Jonathan._ Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Joseph Foster's regt. ; 
enlisted Jan. 31, 1776; service, 9 mos. 19 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, Jonathan, Scarborough. Captain, 2d (Scarborough) co., 3d Cumberland 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 10, 1776 ; also, Col. 
Joseph Prime's regt.; enlisted May 8, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 7 
mos. 24 days, at the Eastward, under Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. Roll sworn to in 
York Co. 

Andrews, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Hodgkins's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
regt.; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted May 19, 
1777 ; enlistment, 8 months ; reported on command at regimental hospital. 

Andrews, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Moses McFarland's co. of invalids ; Col. Nichola's 
regt. ; return of men stationed at Boston, Aug. 1, 1780. 

Andrews, Jonathan, Dighton. Private, Light Infantry co.. Col. Henry Jackson's 
(16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Sept. 10, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas Cartwright's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; pay roll 
for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa.; also, Capt. William Scott's (4th) co.. Col. 
Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Garrison at Pawtucket; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, Ensign William Rickard's (4th) co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; 
muster roll dated Providence, July 8, 1779; also. Light Infantry co.. Col. Jack- 
son's regt. ; return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Lieut. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Sept. 10, 1780; also, Capt. William Scott's (Light Infantry) co., CoL 
Jackson's regt.; pay rolls for April-July, 1780; reported transferred to Lieut. 
Colonel's co., Aug. 1, 1780. 

Andrews, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. James Dean's 
regt.; enlisted March 8, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 6 days; com- 
pany detached from Freetown, Berkley and Dighton to serve 40 days unless 
sooner discharged. 

Andrews, Jonathan, Dighton. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Drake's co.. Col. Luke Drury's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 23, 1781 ; arrived in camp Sept. 1, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 1, 1781; arrived home Dec. 10, 1781; service, 3 mos. 19 days; 
marched to North River. 

Andrews, Jonathan, Jr. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Joseph Foster's 
regt.; enlisted Jan. Si, 1776; sersice, 8 mos. 24 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, Jonathan, Jr., Ipswich. Private, Capt. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. David Low's 
(3d) CO., Col. Cogswell's regt.; return dated April, 1778; reported as belonging 
to train band. 

Andrews, Joseph, Marblehead. Matross, Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; pay roll 
for service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 4 mos. 



254 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrews, Joseph. Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 22, 1777; reported died Nov. 
22 (also given Dec. 1), 1777; also, Capt. David Briant's cc. Col. Crane's rejrt.; 
pay rolls for service from Feb. 28, 1777, to Sept. 30, 1777 ; reported wounded 
Sept. 11, 1777; also, Capt. Henry Burbeck's co., Col. Crane's regt. ; muster rolls 
for Oct. and Nov., 1777. 

Andrews, Joseph. Private, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's 
(3d Essex Co.) regt.; pay abstract for equipments dated Aug. 21, 1778; also, 
return of men belonging to train band, dated April, 1778. 

Andrews, Joseph, Ipswich. Seaman, sloop " Liverpool," commanded by Capt. Ne- 
hemiah Story; descrif)tive list of officers and crew, dated May 17, 1780; age, 23 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Ipswich. 

Andrews, Joseph, Norton. Private, Capt. John Allen's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 6 
daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Andrews, Joseph. Private, Capt. Henry Tew's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
marched Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
llhode Island. 

Andrews, Joseph, Jr., Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted May ."i, 1775; discharged June 26, 177ij; service, 1 mo. 21 days, at Hing- 
ham ; reported left service June 26, 1775, and i)lace taken by Ephraim Marsh. 

Andrews, Joseph, Jr., Ipswich. Private, Capt. Jonathan Cogswell, Jr.'s co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Charles 
Smith's CO.; enlisted July 24, 1775; discharged Jan. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 22 
days, on sea coast defence in Essex Co.; also, Capt. David Low's (3d) co.. Col. 
Jonathan Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) regt. ; pay abstract for equipments dated 
Aug. 21, 1778; also, return of men belonging to train band, dated April, 1778. 

Andrews, Joshua, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Aljraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 23, 1775; service, 5 weeks 4 
days ; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775 ; age, 50 yrs. ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Andrews, Joshua, Boxford. Private, Capt. William Pearley's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted Fel>. 16, 1775; also, return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775; 
a/so, receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 22, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for l)ounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Andrews, Joshua. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Joseph Foster's regt. ; 
enlisted Jan. 31, 1770; service, 1 mo. 29 days, at Gloucester; reported died March 
28, 1776. 

Andrews, Josiah, Taunton. Private, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. George Williams's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Andrews, Lemuel, Easton. Sergeant, Capt. Josiah Keith's co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 31, 1776; service, 24 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island 

Andrews, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Josiah Keith's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 255 

Andrews, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Abner Pomeroy's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; 
pay abstracts for service from May, 1778-Feb., 1779; marched to New York; 
enlistment, 8 months ; also, order for wages dated Ware, April 6, 1779. 

Andrews, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's 
reirt. ; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharjred Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised in Worcester Co. 

Andrews, Lemuel, Easton. Private, Capt. John Allen's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
(Bristol Co.) refit.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Andrews, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Job Alvord's co., Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisteO July 13, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Andreavs, Levi. Private, Capt. Noah Hall's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt., commanded 
In' Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 
1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, Lilburn, Topsfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
resolve of June 9, 1779 ; Capt. Cummings's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, .5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Topsfield ; enlistment, 9 months ; 
also, receipt for equipments received of Capt. James Tisdale, dated Springfield, 
Aug. 22, 1779; also, Colonel's co., 10th regt.; enlisted Aug. 22, 1779; discharged 
May 21, 1780; enlistment, 9 months; also, Private, Capt. Benjamin Gould's co., 
Col. M'ade's (Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 6, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 17 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army; also, receipt for bounty paid him by John Ingles of Class No. 10 
for the town of Andover to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 
years, dated Boston, April 29, 1782. 

Andrews, Ludim, South Brimtield. Private, Capt. Amos AValbridge's co.. Col. David 
Brewer's (later Rufus Putnam's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177o; enlisted 
May 11, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 25 daj's ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 4, 1775; also, Capt. Reulien Munn's co.. Col. 
Elisha Porter's regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; discharged Oct. IS, 1777; service, 
30 days; company detached to join army under Gen. Gates at the Northward. 
Roll dated Monson. 

Andrews, Mark, Berkley. Private, Capt. King's co., Col. David Brewer's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 20, 1775; service, 1 mo. 2 weeks; 
also, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; pay abstract for 
mileage, etc., from Dighton to camp and return, allowed by Council, Nov. 
29, 1776; also, Capt. Joseph Ball's co., Col. Edward Pope's (Bristol Co.) regt.; 
service, 17 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; stationed at War- 
ren, R. I.; also, Capt. James Nickols's co., Col. John Dagget's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 10, 1778 ; discharged April 2, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Rhode Island ; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Andreavs, Moses. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1 (also given April 4), 1778; service, 2 mos. 29 days, at 
Winter Hill. 

Andrews, Nathan. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co. ; enlisted Oct. 25, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 2 mos. 11 days, at Machias; also, Capt. Joseph 
Sevey'sco., Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt.; enlisted June 23, 1777; 
discharged July 16, 1777 ; service, 23 days, at Machias, when ship " Ambuscade " 
lay in the harbor; also, pay roll for 5 days service, between Dec. 5 and Dec. 25, 
1778, at Machias; also, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt.; service, 
7 days, at Machias, between Aug. 31 and Nov. 20, 1779. 



256 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Andrews, Nathan. Private, Capt. Josiah King's co., Col. Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., under command of Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's l)ri- 
gade; service, 8 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; marched 
to Tiverton, R. I. Roll dated Taunton. 

Andrews, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. William Howe's co., Col. John Rand's regt. ; 
enlisted July 17, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 3 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Andrews, Nathaniel, AVestborough. List of men belonging to the train ))and [year 
not given] . 

Andrews, Nehemiah, Greenfield (also given Bernardston). Private, Capt. Agrippa 
Wells's CO., Col. Samuel Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 177'), in re- 
sponse to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days; reported enlisted into the 
army May 1, 1775; also, Capt. Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Pros- 
pect Hill; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Prospect Hill, Nov. 27, 1775. 

Andrews, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Stebbins's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Se])t. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day ; marched 
on an expedition to the Northward. 

Andrews, Nehemiah, Salem. Master, brigantine " Salem ; " descriptive list of officers 
and crew, dated Oct. 29, 1780; age, 27 yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, dark; 
residence, Salem. 

Andrews, Neot, Dighton. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to resolve 
of Dec. 2, 1780; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 inches; complexion, blaclc; hair, 
black; eyes, black; residence, Dighton; joined Capt. Hathaway's co., 2d regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Andrews, Notes. Private, Lieut. Abiel AVliitmarsh's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 3 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; inarched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, Philip, Taunton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the' term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Taunton; arrived at Springfield 
July 25, 1780; marched to camp July 25, 1780, under command of Capt. Park; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned Ijy Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Taunton for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 25, 1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 2 days ; also. Private, Capt. Daniel Drake's co., Col. Luke Drury's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 23, 1781; arrived in camp Sept. 1, 1781; dis- 
charged Dec. 1, 1781; arrived home Dec. 10, 1781; service, 3 mos. 19 days; 
marched to North River. 

Andrews, Philip. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; en- 
listed March G, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 10 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; reported 40 days levies. 

Andrews, Reuben, Raynham. Corporal, Capt. John Callender's co.. Col. John Crane's 
(Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 9, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Gunner, Capt. William Perkins's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; 
muster rolls for Sept.-Dec, 1777 ; reported on command at Red Bank in Oct. ; 
also, Capt. Callender's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 
1778, dated Providence; also. Corporal; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence; reported on command at Tiverton; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. John 
Slewman's co., Col. Crane's (3d Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 257 

Andrews, Reuben, continued. 

for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 7, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, 
dated Jan. 11, 1781 ; a^'e, 28yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8^ in.; complexion, fair; residence, 
llaynham ; enlisted April 9, 1777, by Lieut. Pierce ; discharged April 9, 1780 ; 
joined Capt. Slueman's co., 3d regt. 

Andrews, Revhen. Private, Capt. John Shaw's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt., com- 
manded b\' Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade ; service, 8 
days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, Robert, Shrewsbury. Captain of a company which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, from Shrewsbury (2d Precinct) to Cambridge ; service, 1 mo. 

Andrews, Robert, South Brimfield. Ensign, Capt. Colton's co.. Col. Brewer's regt.; 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Andrews, Robert. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Dec. 23, 1777; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 12 days, 
at Winter Hill, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's troops. Roll dated Bradford. 

Andrews, Robert, Boxford. Private, Capt. William Pearley's co., Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted Feb. 16, 1775; also, return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775 ; 
also, receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 22, 1775 ; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted 
from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 17, 1778; Capt. Gould's co., Col. Johnson's (4th Essex Co.) regt.; age, 25 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Boxford; a/so, descriptive 
list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agree- 
able to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 27 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, 
dark; residence, Boxford; arrived at Springfield July 27, 1780; marched to 
camp July 28, 1780, under command of Capt. Storer ; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Boxford for service in the Continental Army during 
1780; marched July 27, 1780; discharged Dec. 16, 1780; service, 5 mos. 4 days. 

Andrews, Rufus, Raynham. Private, Capt. Jonathan Shaw's co.. Col. George 
Williams's (3d Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 25 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched Dec. 8, 1776, to Warren by way of Rehoboth; also, Capt. John 
Shaw's CO., Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, 
Gen. Godfrey's brigade ; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 
1780; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, Samuel, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Robert Andrews's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Shrewsbury (2d Precinct) to Cambridge ; 
service, 16 days. 

Andrews, Samuel, Ware. Private, Capt. Joseph Foster's co.. Col. Ruggles Wood- 
bridge's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775 ; service, 6 days ; reported enlisted into the armj' April 28, 1775 ; left camp 
May 15, 1775; also, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co., Col. D. Brewer's (later Rufus 
Putnam's) regt. ; companj- return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Andrews, S.vjiuel, Danvers. Private, Capt. Edmund Putnam's regt., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Andrews, Samuel, Brimfield (also given Windsor). Private, Capt. James Sherman's 
CO., Col. Pyncheon's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 
7 days; also, Capt. Isaac Colton's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 13, 1775; service, 17 days; also, company 
return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775. 



258 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.ULORS 

Andreavs, Sami'el, Dighton. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's rejit. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Dighton to camp and return, 
allowed in Council, Nov. 29, 1776. 

Andrews, Samvel, Berkley. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Ball's co., Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; pay roll for 25 days service at Rhode Island, on the alarm of 
Dec. 8, 1776; stationed at \Var\vick, R. I. 

Andrews, Samuel, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., to Ticonderoga, dated Boston, 
Jan. 15, 1777. 

Andrews, Samuel, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Job Woodl)ridge's co., Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co. ) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discliarged July 26, 1777 ; service, 19 
days ; company formed part of detachment under Maj. Caleb Hyde which marched 
from Stockbridge on the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Andrews, Samuel. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jona- 
than Haraden ; engaged March 9, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 5 
mos. 20 days. 

Andrews, Samuel, Westborough. Private, Capt. George Baker's co., which marclied 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; reported enlisted into the army 
May 24, 1775; also, Capt. Moses Wlieelock's co., Col. Jonathan AVard's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., 
dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined Capt. Barnes's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 
3 j-ears; also. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Barnes's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 28, 1777, to June 25, 1778; 
reported deceased; also, muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777. 

Andrews, Samuel. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by Trueman M'heeler, 
Muster Master; mustered between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; enlistment, 3 
years or during war. 

Andrews, Samuel. Private, Capt. Josiah King's co., Cul. John Daggett's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Taunton. 

Andrews, Samuel. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards, serving 
under Maj. Gen. Gates in and al)out Boston; enlisted Feb. 6, 1779; discharged 
May 5, 1779; service, 3 mos.; also, Capt. Lemuel Clap's detachment of guards, 
serving under Maj. Nathaniel Heath at Dorchester Heights; enlisted May 11, 
1779; discharged Aug. 10, 1779; service, 3 mos. 

Andrews, Samuel, Marblehead. Ordinary Seaman, ship " Franklin," commanded by 
Capt. John Turner; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Dec. 2, 1780; age, 
17 yrs. ; complexion, light; residence, Marblehead; cruise began Aug. 8, 1780. 

Andrews, Samuel. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; en- 
listed March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 10 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; reported 40 days levies. 

Andrews, Samuel. Seaman; list of prisoners returned by Robert Pierpont, Com- 
missary, to be exchanged for British prisoners sent to New York in the cartel 
" Favorite " [year not given] ; exchanged for Thomas Gillard, seaman. 

Andrews, Samuel. Capt. Brigham's co., Col. Cushing's regt.; pay abstract for 8 
mos. service at Dorchester, and 4^ mos. service at New York [year not given]. 

Andrews, Samuel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Houghton's co., Col. Smith's regt. [year 
not given] . 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 259 

Andrews, Samuel Ailen, Newbaryport. Return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army ; enlisted Feb. 12, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Andrews, Seth, Dighton. Seaman, brigantine "Hazard," commanded by Capt. 
Simeon Samson ; engaged Oct. 20, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1778; service, 7 mos. 

Andrews, Seth, Taunton. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co.. Col. John Hatha- 
way's regt. ; drafted April, 1777; service, 23 days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. 
Josiah King's co.. Col. Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. 
James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; service, 8 days, at Rhode Island, 
on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; marched to Tiverton ; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men returned by James Williams, Superintendent of Bristol Co., dated April a, 
1781; age, 40 yrsr; stature, 6 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Taunton; enlistment, 3 years; marched to Springfield to be delivered 
to Col. Shepard ; also. Capt. Adam Bailey's co.. Col. John Bailey's (later Col. 
Sprout's) 2d regt.; muster roll for years 1781 and 1782; enlisted Feb. 27, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years; reported died Dec. 16, 1781. 

Andrews, Simeon. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's co., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 29, 1781; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1782; service, 12 mos. 3 days; 
also, list of men entitled to receive clothing for the second year, dated Boston, 
Dec. 20, 1782. 

Andrews, Stephen, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Durfee's co., Col. Pope's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 7, 1776; discharged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Andrews, Stephen. Berwick. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co., Col. Jonathan Tit- 
comb's regt.; service, 2 mos. 1 day, previous to July 18, 1777, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Andrews, Thomas, Westborough. Private, Capt. George Baker's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13^ days. 

Andrews, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Maynard's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 3 days; marched on 
Bennington alarm to Hadley, by order of Col. Denny. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Andrews, Thomas. Private, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. '26, 1777 ; discharged Jan. 1, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 4 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Andreavs, Thomas, Taunton. Private, Capt. James Williams, Jr.'s co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; discharged 
April 27, 1775; service, 10 days; also, Lieut. Noah Dean's (3d)"co., Col. George 
Williams's regt.; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; 
marched to Warren by way of Rehoboth. 

Andrews, Thomas, Ware (also given Brookfield). Private, Capt. Josepli Foster's co., 
Col. Rnggles AVoodhridge's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 
28, 1775 ; left camp May 15, 1775 ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Bardwell's CO., Col. Brew- 
er's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Breckenridge's co.. Col. Ruirgles Woodbridge's (4th 
Hampshire Co.) regt., dated South Hadley, May 28, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; 
also. Private, Capt. John Holden's (4th) co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Thomas Barnes's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return of men in ser\"ice on 
or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Camp at Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Capt. 
Holden's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; muster roll for May, 1779, dated Highlands; 
also, Capt. Clayes's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 19, 1780; residence, Brookfield. 



2G0 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Andrews, Thomas, Andover (South District). Descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
April 19, 1781; Cajjt. Lovejoy's co., Col. Johnson's re,i;t.; ajje, 18 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Andover (South District) ; enlisted March 
25, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Andrews, Thomas. Private, 7th co. ; order for 5 months wages dated Dec. 26, 1783. 

Andrews, Timothy. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co. ; enlisted Oct. 25, 1775 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 2 nios. 11 days, at Machias; also, Capt. Jal«z 
AVest's CO. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days ; 
company raised for defence of Machias and expedition against Nova vScotia ; also, 
Capt. Joseph Sevey's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
June 23, 1777 ; discharged July 16, 1777 ; service, 23 days, at Machias, when ship 
"Ambuscade" lay in the harbor; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1777, to 
Oct. 3, 1777, 2 mos. 9 days, at Machias, when IJritish ships lay in the harbor and 
until relieved by Col. John Allan ; also, Col. Jolin Allan's (Artillery) regt. ; en- 
listed Dec. 13, 1777; service to Dec. 1, 1778; company raised for defence of 
Machias; also, Capt. Thomas Robbins's co.. Col. Allan's regt.; pay roU for ser- 
vice from Dec. 1, 1778, to June 1, 1779, 6 mos., at Machias. 

Andrews, Tony, Billerica. Capt. William Smith's co.. Col. John Nixon's regt. ; order 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 16, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 11, 1775; service, 2 mos. 24 days; also, certificate of 
service in support of an order for Ijounty coat, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 18, 1775; 
also, Capt. Oilman's co. ; receipt for wages due Jan. 1, 1776, dated Camp Mt. 
Washington. 

Andrews, William, Buxton. Private, Capt. John Elden's co.. Col. Tristram Jordan's 
regt., which marched April 24, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Biddeford ; service, 1^ days. 

Andrews, William, Dedham. Private, Capt. Guild's co., Col. Heath's regt. ; company 
return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775. 

Andrews, AVilliam. Sergeant, Capt. John Lane's co.. Col. Foster's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; discharged Feb. 15, 1776; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at Cape Ann. 

Andrews, William. Private, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Foster's regt. ; enlisted 
June 26, 1776; service, 4 mos. 23 days, at Gloucester. 

Andrews, William, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted July 
12, 1775; service, 4 mos., at Marblehead; also, receipt for 1 month advance pay 
dated Marblehead, Sept. 26, 1775; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 31, 1775, to 
Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days ; also, pay rolls for service from Jan. 4, 1776, to Nov. 
15, 1776. 

Andrews, William. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776 ; 
discharged Nov. 18, 1776; service, 9 mos. 28 days, at Salem. 

Andrews, William, Marblehead. Matross, Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; payroll 
for service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 4 mos.; also, list of men reported 
as the " Fort " co., dated Aug. 26, 1777. 

Andrews, AVilliam, Boston. Bombardier, Capt. Thomas Melvill's (2d) co., Col. 
Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 20, 1776; payrolls made up to 
May 8, 1777; also, Matross, Capt. Jonathan Stoddard's co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; 
pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to July 8, 1777. 

Andrews, AVilliam. Boy, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Haraden ; engaged Oct. 1, 1777 [service not given] . 

Andrews, William, Gloucester. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Cleavland's co.. Col. 
Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 
15, 1777, to Oct. 7, 1777 ; i-eported l^illed. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 261 

Andrews, "William, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 
17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at East Greenwich; company 
raised in York and Essex counties; also, certificate of service given hy Col. 
Nathaniel Wade, dated Ipswich, Jan. 18, 1779; also, return of men in service in 
boats on expedition against Newport ; service, 26 days [year not given] . 

Andrews, Willi.^m, Ipswich. Seaman, sloop "Liverpool," commanded by Capt. 
Nehemiah Story; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated May 17, 1780; age, 
20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Ipswich. 

Andrews, Williasi, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah "Wood's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's (Worcester Co.) regt., dated North- 
bridge, Feb. 13, 1778; enlisted for town of Northbridge; joined Capt. Jarvis's co., 
Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to expire June 11, 1780; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Turner's (.")th or 9th) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Array pay accounts for service from June 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Peter Dolliver's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; pay rolls for June, July and 
Aug., 1778, dated Providence ; also, pay rolls for Nov., 1778, and Feb., 1779, dated 
Garrison at Pawtuxet; also, Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll 
for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, pay rolls dated Camp at Providence, July 
10 and Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas Hunt's (4th) co., Col. Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for ser\-ice from Jan. 1, 1780, to June 11, 1780; 
reported discharged. 

Andrews, W^illiam. 2d Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported 
prisoner in New York; also, Capt. William Treadwell's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; 
muster rolls for Aug.-Dec, 1777; reported on command after deserters in Sept. ; 
also, return dated Boston, Sept. 2.i, 1778; also, petition for clothing dated Boston, 
Dec. 22, 1778 ; also. Continental Armj" pay accounts from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Shaw's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; muster 
rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West Point; promoted and trans- 
ferred from Capt. Treadwell's co. in Feb. or March ; reported on furlough at 
Boston in April, 1781. 

Andrews, William. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Bullard's co., Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 
mos. 1 day, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; also, Capt. 
William Bird's co.. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 
1781; service, 3 mos. 21 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised in Suffolk 
and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Andrews, William Fuller. Private, Capt. Joseph Hodgkins's co.. Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's regt.; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted 
May 19, 1777; enlistment, 8 months. 

Andreavs, Zenas, Sheffield. Descriptive list of enlisted men from Capt. Noble's co.. 
Col. Ashley's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, 
Sheffield (also given Taconic Mountains) ; enlistment, 9 months ; delivered to 
Capt. Marshall. 

Andrews, Zephaniah. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted June 20, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 13 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Tiverton, R. I. 

Andrews, Zephaniah, Raynham. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co.. Col. John 
Hathaway's regt. ; service, 23 days, in April, 1777, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. 
Ebenezer Dean's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at 
Rhode Island; marched from Taunton via Rehoboth and Bristol to Providence, 
R. I.; roll dated Nov. 5, 1777; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce 



262 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrews, Zephaniah, continued. 

Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; 
age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Raynham ; ar- 
rived at Springfield July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under com- 
mand of Capt. George M'ebb; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Kayiihani for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July G, 
1780; discharged Jan. 10, 1781, at AVest Point; service, 6 mos. 15 days; also. 
Private, Capt. Luke Day's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; muster roll 
for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; also, Capt. Elihu Gilford's co.. Col. Turner's 
regt.; enlisted July 12, 1781; discharged Nov. 30, 1781; service, 4 mos. 19 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; regiment raised in Barnstable and Bristol counties 
for 5 months service. 

Andrewsox, Johx, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to 
April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Andrew'son, Richard. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(3d) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war; 
reported with light infantry; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill; 
reported transferred to light infantry, Aug. 1, 1781. 

Andrias, James. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777 ; enlisted for town of 
Yarmouth; joined Capt. Lemont's co., Col. Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 3 years 
or during war. 

Andris, Alexander. Seaman, schooner "Franklin," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Green ; engaged March 14, 1777 ; discharged May 13, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 29 days. 

Andris, David, Dedham. Private, Capt. Aaron Guild's co.. Col. Lemuel Robson's 
regt.; enlisted Jan. 26, 1776; service, 17 days, at Dorchester Heights; roll made 
up to date of marcliing ; regiment raised in Suffolk and York counties. 

Andris, Joseph. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 2.5, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days, on a 
secret expedition. 

Andris, Robert. Private, Capt. Stephen Webster's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at Clav- 
erack ; regiment raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce the army under 
Gen. Washington. 

Andros, . [This name also appears under the form of Andras, Andreas, Andres, 

Audress, Andrews, Andris, Andross, Andrus, Andruss.] 

Andros, Abraham, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Abiather Angel's co.. Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 4 days. 

Andros, Amos, East Hoosac. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Enos Parker's co., Berkshire Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. 
Warren's co., Col. Bayley's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Andros, Benjamin. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Andros, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dedham. 

Andros, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Thomas Ilodsdon's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted June 9, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos. 7 days; enlist- 
ment, 8 months; roll dated Berwick; also, pay rolls for June-Sept., 1778, dated 
West Point; also, pay rolls for Nov., 1778-Jan., 1779, dated King's Ferry. 



IN THE WAll OF THE REVOLUTION. 263 

Andros, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Jedediah Goodwin's co., Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted May 3, 1780; service, 6 nios. 18 days, under command of Brig. Gen. 
Wadswortli ; also, muster roll for May and June, 1780, dated Falmouth; enlist- 
ment, 8 months. 

Andeos, Elisha, Berwick. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Sullivan's co.. Col. James 
Scammon's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 3 days. 

Andkos, Jacob. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi ]5aldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Andros, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 16 days; 
marched on an expedition to the Northward. 

Andros, Jonathan (also given John). Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. 
Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay abstract for May, 1776. 

Andros, Jonathan, Dighton. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by James 
Leonard, Muster Master, subsequent to Sept. 16 [year not given] ; Col. Henry 
Jackson's regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; residence, Dighton. 

Andros, Joshua. Corporal, Capt. Jedediah Goodwin's co., Col. Joseph Prime's regt.; 
enlisted May 3, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 18 days, under conmiand of Brig. Gen. 
Wadsworth; also, muster roll for May and June, 1780, dated Falmouth; enlist- 
ment, 8 months. 

Andros, Mark, Berkley. Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) 9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 2, 1775. 

Andros, Mark, Sylvester. Private, Capt. Nathan Merrill's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's 
(Cumberland Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779 ; service, 
2 mos. 17 days, on expedition to Penobscot. 

Andros, Robert. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 29 days, on an 
expedition to the Northward. 

Andros, Robert, Bridgton. Private; payroll for service from Aug. 12, 1781, to Sept. 
9, 1781, 1 mo. 1 day, at Sudbury-Canada with guards sent by the selectmen of 
Fryeburg. 

Andros, Samcel. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 25, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days, 
at New London, Conn. Roll dated Belchertown. 

Andros, Stephen. Capt. Samuel Sayer's co.. Col. James Scammon's (30th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Cambridge, Nov. 3. 1775. 

Andros, Stephen. Private, Capt. Job Cook's (16th) co.. Col. Hathaway's (2d Bristol 
Co.) regt.; marched Aug. 4, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 5 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dartmouth. 

Andros, William, Buxton. Private, Capt. Hill's co.. Col. Scammon's regt. ; company 
return dated Sept. 27, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775. 

Andros, William. Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; list of men appearing on a memo- 
randum of beef delivered Dec. 31, 1777. 

Andros, William. Private, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's co., Maj. Z. Winslow's regt.; 
service from Sept. 9, 1778, to Sept. 13, 1778, 4 days, on an alarm at Falmouth. 



264 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Androsogs, JiLirs. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co., Col. Nathan T.vler's regt. ; 
enlisted July 20, 1779; service, 26 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; reported 
deserted Aug. 15, 1779. 

Androsogus, JuLirs. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel 
Peirce's regt.; enlisted May IG, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
19 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. 

Andkosox, John, Beverly. Seaman, brig "Stark" (privateer), commanded hy Capt. 
Ezra Ober ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 14, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Beverly. 

Andross, Amasa, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Baker's co.. Col. Little's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; age, 17 yrs. 

Andross, Elisha. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Andkoss, Jedaiau, Taunton. Private, Capt. Webl)'s co.. Col. Sherburne's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Benjamin Burton's co.. Col. Sherburne's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at 
Rhode Island, Aug. 21, 1778; also, return dated Boston, June 15, 1779; also, 
Capt. Thomas Turner's (5th) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 2, 1780 ; reported trans- 
ferred from Col. Slierburne's regt. liy order of Gen. Washington, May 2, 1780; 
also, muster roll dated Camp near Morristown, May 6, 1780. 

Andross, John, Stockbridge. Matross, Lieut. Perkins's co.. Col. Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Andross, John. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Curtis's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days, on expe- 
dition to Penobscot. Roll dated Harpswell. 

Andross, Joseph. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (Bristol Co.) 
regt.; marched Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Norton. 

Andross, Stephen, Wells (also given Berwick). Private, Capt. Sayer's co.. Col. 
Scammon's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 5, 1775 ; service, 
25 days. 

Andross, Stephen. List of men drafted in York Co. for service in Rhode Island; 
Capt. Samuel Grant's co. ; return of 2d York Co. regt. made by Col. John Frost, 
May 7, 1777. 

Androus, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; 
pay abstracts for Jan. and April, 1776. 

Androw, Ehenezeu, Danvers. Private, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Androwes, Ezekiel, Wrentham. Matross, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co.. Col. 
John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; return of men stationed at Springfield, dated 
Nov. 1, 1779; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Androws, Ahkaham, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Wright's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Androws, Benjamin, Ipswich. Private, Cai)t. At)raliam Dodge's co.; muster roll for 
April, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Androws, James, Taunton. Private, Capt. Ichabod Leonard's co., Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 1 mo. 15 days, in July and Aug., 1778, at 
Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 265 

Androws, John. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted May 10, 1781; dist-harged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 6 mos. 20 days, near 
Penobscot River. 

Androws, Nathan, Taunton. Private, Capt. Ichabod Leonard's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 1 mo. 15 days, in July and Aug., 1778, at 
Rhode Island. 

Androws, Philip. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; en- 
listed March 6, 1781; discharged March 1-1, 1781; service, 10 days, at Rhode 
Island ; reported 40 days levies. 

Androws, Samuel. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; en- 
listed March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 10 days, at Rhode 
Island ; reported 40 days levies. 

Andrson, Archelavs, Murraytield. Private, Capt. David Shepard's co.. Col. Seth 
Pomroy's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 22 days; reported enlisted into the army. May 
14, 1775. 

Andrson, John, Taunton. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. as returned by James 
Leonard, Muster Master, March 17, 1778 ; Capt. James Cooper's co., Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's regt. 

Andrson, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 12 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Andrson, Joshia. Private, Capt. Daniel Eames's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 1, 1777; ser%ice, 1 mo. 3 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched on a secret expedition. 

Andrson, Zenas. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted July 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 15, 1777; service, 25 days. 

Andrss, Barzillai. Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 26, 1775. 

Andrues, Joshua. Private, Capt. Benjamin Adams's co.. Col. Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 16 days, in 
Northern department. 

Andrves, Samuel. Capt. Isaac Colton's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 
9th regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Roxbury, Nov. 15, 1775. 

Andrus, Asa. Private, Capt. Ezra "NVhittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; marched 
Oct. 20, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 2 days, on an alarm at the West- 
ward; also, pay roll for service from Nov. 5 to Nov. 7, 1780, 2 days, on an alarm 
at the Northward. 

Andrus, Barzillai, Lenox. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. John Paterson's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 13 days. 

Andrus, Christopher. Corporal, Capt. Erastus Sargent's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged March 22, 1777 ; service, 
97 days, at Ticonderoga ; also, Capt. Ezra AVhittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; 
service, 2 days, at the Northward, on the alarm of Nov. 5, 1780. 

Andrus, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 
1 mo., in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 



266 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andrus, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 

Co.) regt. ; enlisted June .30, 1777; discliarged July 21, 1777; service, 22 days, at 
Fort Ann, on an alarm at Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Rowley's co., Col. John 
Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 13, 1777; 
service, 23 days, at Stillwater. 

AxDRus, Elisha. Private, Capt. Preserved Leonard's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1779; discharged Sept. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
10 days, at New London, Conn. 

AxDRUs, IcHAHOD, Capt. Selah Heart's co.. Col. Walcut's regt. ; receipt for 2 months 
wages in 1775. 

Andrus, Isaac, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co., Col. B. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 20, 1775; ser- 
vice, 11 days; also, company return dated Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 23, 1775. 

Andrvs, Isaac. Capt. Selah Heart's co.. Col. Walcut's regt. ; receipt for 2 months 
wages in 1775. 

Andrvs, Jedediah, Middleborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Amos Washburn's co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; 
joined Capt. Webb's co., Col. Sherborn's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Andrus, Jeremiah, Temple. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Ezra Town's co., 
Col. .Tames Read's regt.; birthplace, Ipswich; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; 
complexion, fair; eyes, black; occupation, farmer; residence. Temple; enlisted 
April 23, 1775; mustered July 11, 1775. [Also given as Jeremiah Adams.] 

Andrus, Joel, Charlestown, No. 4. Private, Capt. Seth Murray's co., Col. B. R. 
Woodbridge's (25th) regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1775; enlisted Aug. 30, 1775; 
also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Andrus, John, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. William Goodrich's co.. Col. Paterson's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Cambridge; service, 14 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
5, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

Andrus, John. Capt. Oilman's co., 4th regt. ; receipts for wages for Sept., Oct. and 
Nov., 1776; also, return dated North Castle, Nov. 9, 1776. 

Andrus, John. Capt. Mark Poole's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; pay 
abstract for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to Feb. 3, 1778, at Charlestown; also, 
Sergeant; pay roll for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 5, 1778, at Cambridge; 
also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter Hill ; reported sick and absent. 

Andrus, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Larrabee's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt. ; marched 
July 9, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 3 days, on expedition to 
Penobscot. 

Andrus, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(26th) regt. ; pay abstracts for Feb., March and June, 1776. 

Andrus, Jonathan. Capt. Selah Heart's co.. Col. Walcut's regt. ; receipt for 2 months 
wages in 1775. 

Andrus, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Asa Rice's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on an alarm at 
Manchester and Bennington. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Andrus, Joshua, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. John Holmes's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4^ days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 267 

Andius, Lkvi, Great Barrington. Private, Capt. William King's co., Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 1 mo. 

Andrcs, Moses. Capt. Selah Heart's co.. Col. Walcut's regt. ; receipt for 2 months 
wages in 1775. 

Andrus, Ozias. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co.. Col. David Rosseter's regt.. Gen. 
John Fellows's brigade ; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1781 ; service, 
13 days, with Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Andrus, SaiMuel. Private, Capt. Robert Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment 
of guards under Maj. Gen. Heath; enlisted Fel). 19, 1778; discharged April 26, 
1778; service, 2lnos. 7 days, at Boston and Dorchester. 

Andrus, Solomon. Private, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., Col. John Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 30, 1777 ; service, 24 days, 
at the Northward. 

Andrus, William. Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; list of coast guards appearing on 
a memorandum of beef delivered Feb. 18, 1777. 

Andrus, Zenas. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; marched 
June 29, 1777 ; discharged July 21, 1777 ; service, 24 da.vs ; ordered into service by 
Brig. Gen. Fellows and Committee of Safety, at desire of Maj. Gen. Schuyler. 

Andrus, Zephaniah. Private, Capt. Samuel Fales's co.. Col. J. Daggett's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island, l»etween Jan. 6 and April 
1, 1778; company drafted to serve under Gen. Spencer for 3 months from Jan. 
1, 1778. 

Andruss, Asa, Stockbridgo. Private, Capt. Dibble's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Andruss, Barzillai. Private ; list of men returned as serving on picket guard under 
Maj. Baldwin, May 23, 1775. 

Andruss, Barzillai, Lenox. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co., Col. Patterson's 
regt.; musterroll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Andruss, Christopher, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Job Woodbridge's co.. Col. 
Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; 
service, 19 days; company formed part of detachment under Maj. Caleb Hyde, 
which marched from Stockbridge on the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Andruss, Nathan. Private, Capt. Jabez West's co. ; enlisted July 4, 1776 ; discharged 
Nov. 23, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 19 days ; company raised for expedition against 
Nova Scotia and defence of Machias. 

Andruss, Samuel, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Jol) Woodbridge's co.. Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 
19 days; company formed part of detachment under Maj. Caleb Hyde, which 
marched from Stockbridge on the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Andruss, Timothy. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet; engaged March 30, 1779 ; roll made up to April 30, 1779; service, 1 mo. 

Andsaw, Thomas, Danvers. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Flint's co.. Col. Timothy Pick- 
ering, Jr.'s regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Andson, Thomas. Capt. Daniel Egery's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbur}', Dec. 24, 
1775. 



268 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Andsworth, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Thomas "Whipple's co. ; service, 23 days, 
with guards at Rutland, between April 20 and Dec. 20, 1780. 

Aneble, Edward, Ashfield. Private, Capt. Simeon Hazletine's co., Col. Fellows's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 
days. 

Anes, Ezr.\. Capt. Charles Furhush's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Anes, Isaac, Tewksbury. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 
21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown ; eyes, darli; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, Tewksbury; enlisted Feb. 8, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Anes, Jacob. Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted March 23, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsburgli ; also, muster 
rolls for Jul}-, Aug. and Sept., 1781 ; reported on command with Col. Scammell 
in Aug. and Sept.; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts; 
reported sick in the Jerseys. 

Anesworth, Aaron, Brookfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 19 jts. ; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; liair, dark; occupation, yeoman; residence, 
Brookfield; enlisted May 15, 1782; joined Capt. James Tisdale's co., Lieut. Col. 
Mellen's (3d) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported delivered clothing at various 
times from Dec. 14, 1782, to Dec. 16, 1783. 

Angel, . Major, Col. Hitchcock's regt., Maj. Gen. Green's division; list of lield 

officers of the Continental Army in 1776. 

Angel, Abiathar, New Providence (also given Lanesborough) . Captain, Col. David 
Brewer's regt. ; list of officers; ordered to be commissioned June 17, 1775 ; reported 
at "Worcester ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 2 weeks; also, Captain, serving as volunteer; Col. Joab Statfoi-d's 
CO. of volunteers, which marched to reinforce Col. Warner at Manchester, by 
order of Maj. Gen. Schuyler; enlisted July 16, 1777; dischai'ged July 30, 1777; 
service, 15 days; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 14, 1777, to Aug. 20, 1777, 
6 days; Independent co. of volunteers from New Providence, Lanesborough, 
East Hoosuck and Gageborough ; fought in battle near Bennington, Aug. 16, 1777. 

Angel, Aioistvs, Southampton. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co., Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777 ; dischai'ged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 
3 mos. 22 days ; company raised to reinforce Northern army ; also, Cai)t. Sanmel 
Fairfield's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 25 days, at Dorchester. 

Angel, Esek. Private, Capt. Timothy Head's co.. Col. Asa Barns's regt.; marched 
Oct. 13, 1781, from Lanesborough to Stillwater; service, 10 daj-s. 

Angel, Hknky. Private, Capt. Lemuel Pomeroy's co.. Col. Dickenson's regt., com- 
manded by Maj. Clap; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated July 10, 
1777 ; service, 38 days. 

Angel, Henry. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 10, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Angel, James. Private, Capt. William Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's regt.; 
service, 3 days; company marched from Gageborough to Bennington Aug. 17, 
1777, on an alarm, Ity order of Gen. Stark; also, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. 
Simonds's regt.; service, 3 days ; marclied on an alarm from Windsor Oct. 20, 
1780, by order of Gen. Fellows ; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 26, 1780, to 
Oct. 28, 1780, 3 days ; marched on an alarm from Windsor by order of Gen. 
Fellows. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 269 

Angel, Jasper. Captain's Clerk ; list of prisoners sent to Boston in the cartel " Swift " 
from Halifax, Sept. 30, 1778. 

AxGEL, Jesse, Billerica. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. in 1770; 
age, 16 yrs. ; statnre,5 ft. 1 in.; complexion, dark ; residence, Billerica ; delivered 
to Lieut. L. Bailey ; also, list of men received by Justin Ely, Commissioner, from 
Maj. Stephen Badlam, Superintendent of Suffolk Co., dated Springfield, Sept. 20, 
1779 [name appears crossed out on the list] . 

AxGEL, Stephen, Norwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Nor- 
wich; enlisted April 10, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Angel, William. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Caleb Mon- 
tague's CO., Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 5, 1779; enlisted for town of 
Sunderland; joined Capt. Flower's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Angell, . [This name also appears under the form of Angel.] 

Angell, Abiathar. Captain, Col. Joseph Henshaw's regt. [year not given] ; reported 
joined from Col. Brewer's regt. 

Angell, Augustus. Fifer, Capt. Joshua Woodbridge's co. ; pay abstract for service in 
Rhode Island, in 1779. 

Angell, Augustus, Norwich. Private, Capt. Joshua L. Woodbridge's co., Col. Nathan 
Tjier's regt.; enlisted June 2.5, 1779; service, 5 mos. 6 days, at Rhode Island; 
also, pay roll for 1 mo. 2 days service at Rhode Island; discharged Dec. 25, 1779. 

Angell, Esek. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
marched Oct. 13, 1780 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Berkshire. 

Angell, Ezekiel. Capt. Sprague's co. ; list of men dated Oct., 1777. 

Angell, Fenner. Capt. Sprague's co. ; list of men dated Oct., 1777. 

Angell, Isaac. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers, acting as boatmen ; pay roll for 
20 days service from Aug. 8, 1778. 

Angell, Israel. Colonel, 2d Rhode Island regt.; pay abstract for Jan.-July, 1778; 
also, pay abstracts for Nov., 1779-May, 1780. 

Angell, James, Rhode Island. Volunteer, ship " Deane," commanded by Capt. Elisha 
Hinman; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov., 1780; age, 19 
yrs.; complexion, dark; residence, Rhode Island. 

Angell, Joshua. Capt. Sprague's co. ; list of men dated Oct., 1777. 

AxGELL, Stephen. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted March 10, 
1781 ; discharged Oct. 9, 1781 ; service, 7 mos. 

Angell, William. Private, Capt. Samuel Flower's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) 
regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777; enlisted Jan. 30, 1777 ; 
enlistment, during war; deserted Feb. 1, 1777. 

Anger, Charles, Sonthltorough. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, 
Capt. Fay's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Anger, Charles. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's (Cavalry) co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 27, 1777 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 



270 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Anger, Danish, Pepperell. List of men enlisted for the term of 9 months from the 
time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; returned as received July 20, 1778, 
by Col. Rufus Putnam. 

Anger, Jesse, Dracut (also siven Billerica). Private, Capt. Joseph B. Varnum's co., 
Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an expedition to Khode Island; also, 
descriptive list of men enlisted subsequent to Sept. 30, 1779; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Billerica; rank, Fifer; joined Col. 
Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, 8th co., Col. Nixon's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Oct. 30, 1779, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Maj. Joseph Thompson's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts for 
Aug., Sept. and Oct., 1779; also, Maj. Peter Harwood's co. ; pay abstracts for 
Nov. and Dec, 1779; reported serving as Drummer. 

Anger, John. Private, Capt. William H. Ballard's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted May 27, 1776; 
deserted May 31, 1776. 

Anger, John, Southborough. Private, Capt. Moses Harrington's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Anger, John. Private, Capt. Ephraim Lyon's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 
24, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Groton. 

Anger, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co. ; list of men stationed at 
Brookline for 6 weeks; dismissed Jan. 15, 1776. 

Anger, Robert, Billerica. Private, Capt. Haffleld White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to July 1, 
1777; enlistment, during war; reported died July 1, 1777. 

Angekfield, Richard, Ipswich. Seaman, ship "Pilgrim," commanded by Capt. 
Joseph Robinson ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 2, 1780; age, 
14 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Ipswich. 

Angersbach, John, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780 ; Capt. 
P'arrington's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, brown ; residence, Boston ; enlistment, 3 months; marched 
under command of Brig. Gen. John Fellows; also. Private, Capt. Alexander 
Hodgdon's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 
1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Angersback, Christian. Private, Capt. John Hinkley's co., Lieut. Col. S\-mmes's 
detachment of guards under Maj. Gen. Heath ; enlisted Feb. 13, 1778 ; discharged 
May 13, 1778; service, 3 mos., at Boston. 

Angersback, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards serving under 
Maj. Gen. Gates; enlisted Feb. 5, 1779; discharged May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos., 
at Boston; also. Corporal, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards; pay rolls for 
service from May 5, 1779, to Feb. 4, 1780; stjitloned at Boston; also, pay roll for 
3 mos. service as guards at Boston, from May 1, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780 ; enlistment, 
3 months. 

Angier, . [This name also appears under the form of Ainger, Anger, Aynger.] 

Angier, Charles, Southborough. Private, Capt. Fay's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; com- 
pany return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Angier, Samtel, Framingham. Private, Capt. A. Gardner's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
return dated 1776; rei)orted wounded and in the country. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 271 

Angleton, Daniel. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; payroll made up 
for service from Jan. 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 11 mos. 26 days. 

AxiBEi., Thomas. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. ; marched Sept. 13, 1779; dis- 
charged Sept. 17, 1779; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Falmouth; company 
detached from militia. 

Anibell, Isaac, Oxford. Private, Capt. March Chase's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at 
Dorchester. 

Anibell, William. Private, Capt. George Webb's (Light Infantry) co., Col. William 
Shepard's (4th) rggt. ; muster roll for Feb.-Nov., 1781, dated Hutts, 1st brigade; 
enlistment, during war; reported died Nov. 10, 1781. 

Anible, Jacob. Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 177"). 

Anible, Robert, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Lieut. Col. Baldwin's 
(38th) regt.; muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1775; entered service April 19, 1775; 
enlisted May 12 (also given May 19), 1775; discharged July 27, 1775. 

Anice, Ezra, Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 1^ days. 

Anice, Ezra, Jr., Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 1^ days. 

Anice, James, Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 1^ days. 

Axiceo, Jacob, Andover. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not given] . 

Anies, John, Andover. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Anis, Charles. Capt. James Perry's co., Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Anis, John, Andover. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Andover for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 26, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1781; service, 6 mos. 16 days. 

Annabal, Robert. Capt. Richard Dodge's (3d) co., Col. Baldwin's (38th) regt.; list 
of men absent from muster, dated Chelsea, Sept., 1775 ; reported discharged July 
27, 1775. 

Annaball, John. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; discharged July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days. 
Roll dated Camp Winter Hill. 

Annabel, Edward. Capt. Simon Hazeltine's co.. Col. John Fellows's (8th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1775. 

Annabel, Joseph. Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Annabell, Isaac, Dartmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Luen Pope's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 5 
days. 

Annable, . [This name also appears under the form of Anabel, Anabell, Anable, 

Aneble, Anibel, Anibell, Anible, Anoble, Annabal, Annaball, Annabel, Annabell, 
Annbel, Annibal, Annible.] 



272 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Annable, Ed-ward, Ashfield. Sergeant, Capt. Noah Allen's (4th) co.. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (late Wij^glesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1779; reported as serving 17 mos. as Sergeant, 
10 mos. as Ensign; promoted to Ensign April 1, 1770, and transferred to Capt. E. 
Smith's CO.; also, muster rolls for March and May, 1778, dated Valley Forge; 
enlistment, during war; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich; 
also, Capt. pjbenezer Smith's (9th) co., Maj. John Porter's regt. ; muster roll of 
field and staff officers; also, Capt. Allen's co., Maj. Porter's (late Wigglesworth's) 
regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on com- 
mand at Newtown; also. Ensign, Col. Smith's regt.; Continental Army pa}' ac- 
counts for service from March 30, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return for clothing 
dated Camp Lower Salem, Aug. 28, 1779; also, Lieutenant, Col. Smith's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
reported as serving 9 mos. as Ensign, 3 mos. as Lieutenant. 

Annable, Isaac, Dartmouth. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Egery's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 4, 177"); service, 
3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. G, 177") ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbur.v, Nov. G, 1775. 

Annable, Isaac. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co. ; enlisted March 14, 1781 ; dis- 
charged March 18, 1781 ; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Annable, Jacob, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co., Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt. ; enlisted April 25, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Warren. 

Annable, John. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777 ; discharged April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 23 days ; 
rolls dated Cam]) at "Winter Hill ; also, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 16, 1778; service, 4 mos. 27 
days, at AVinter Hill. 

Annable, John, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcoml/s 
regt. ; marched April 25, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island ; roll dated 
Warren; also, Capt. James Mallon's co., Essex Co. regt.; enlisted Oct. 3, 1779; 
discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at Castle Island under Maj. 
Gen. Hancock. 

Annable, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co., Lieut. Col. White's 
(4th Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; ser- 
vice, 9 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Rochester. 

Annable, Joseph. Col. Baldwin's regt.; order for travel allowance from Trenton, 
dated Wenham, Feb. 25, 1777. 

Annable, Joseph, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co.. Col. Titcomb's 
regt.; enlisted May 4, 1777; discharged July 4, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 days; 
arrived at Providence, R. I., May 4, 1777. 

Annable, Joseph. Ensign, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Joseph Otis's (1st Barnsta- 
ble Co.) regt. ; appointed Sept. 29, 1775, Ijut refused to serve ; also, 2d Lieutenant, 
Capt. Nathaniel Lathrop's (1st) co., 1st Barnstable Co. regt.; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 22, 1778; also, Capt. Nathaniel Lothrop's co., 
Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 2 days, guarding men from the " Somerset " from 
Barnstable to Plymouth ; roll sworn to Dec. 21, 1778. 

Annable, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Tupper's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; service, 
65 days, in May and June, 1777, at Rhode Island. 

Annable, William, Rochester. Private, Capt. Isaac Pope's co.. Col. William Shep- 
ard's (3d) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 25, 1778, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct., Nov., 1778, and March 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 273 

Annable, "William, continued. 

and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported sick at Tiverton in July and An?.; 
sick at Rochester in Nov., 1778; on command at the Sliore in March and April, 
1779 ; also, Capt. Georire Webb's (Lipht Infantry) co.. Col. Shepard's rej;t. ; Conti-- 
nental Army pay accounts for. service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
return dated Highlands, Feb. 24, I78O. 

Annas, J.\cob. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. Ijy Natlianiel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777 ; Capt. James Gray's co.. Col. Marshall's 
regt. 

Annas, Jacob. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Fales's co. ; enlisted Auff. 1, 1779; discharged 
Aug. 15, 1779; service, 1.5 days; marched to Majorl)agaduce, l)y order of Gen. 
Lovel. 

Annas, Jacob, Andover. Capt. Charles Furbush's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Camljridge, Nov. 
21, 1775; also, order for remuneration for losses at Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775, 
dated Tewksbury, Jan. 23, 1777 ; also, return of men raised agreeable to resolve 
of Dec. 2, 1780; enlisted Feb. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Annas, James. Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Robinson's regt. ; receipt for wages from 
Feb. 5 to April 1, 1776, dated Clielmsford. 

Annas, Phixeas, Tewksbury. Drummer, Capt. John Trull's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt., which marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 

Annas, Stephen. Capt. Samuel Sayer's co.. Col. James Scammon's (30th) regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Annaslt, James. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Lambert; engaged Jan. 13, 1778 [service not given]. 

Annbel, Edward, Ashfield. Private, Capt. Hazeltine's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Annen, William. Surgeon, Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; commissioned March 27, 1777. 

Annes, Abraham, Methuen. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co., Col. Edward 
Wiggles worth's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 
1776. 

Annes, Charles, Windham. Private, Capt. James Perry's co.. Col. Sargent's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 12, 1775; enlisted July 2, 1775; service, 1 mo. 13 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Annes, Ezra, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home, dated March 7, 1777. 

Annes, Isaac. Private, Capt. Simon Larned's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) reirt. ; 
muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; enlisted Feb. 3, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Annes, Stephen. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co. (commanded by Lieut. Samuel 
Young after Aug. 3, 1779), (late) Maj. Littlefield's detachment from York Co.; 
enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos., on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Annes, Thomas, Tewksbury. Drummer, Capt. Benjamin Walker's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 11 days. 

Anness, Abraham, Methuen. Capt. John Davis's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; returns 
dated Camp at Cambridge, May 17 and June 8, 1775; also, Private; company- 
return dated Cambridge, Oct. 5, 1775. 



274 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Anness, Isaac. Private, Capt. Simon Larned's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; 
muster roll for June, 1781 ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported 
on command at the Lines. 

Anxfoed, Thomas. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Turner's 
CO., 9th refrt., dated Dec. 14, 1782; joined 2d or 3d co., 3d regt.; rank. Private; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

AxxiKAL, Isaac. Private, Capt. Benjamin Allton's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; en- 
listed July 9, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; ser\nce, 3 nios. 11 days, at AVest 
Point ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, order for wages dated Oxford, April 2, 1782 ; 
money payable to Col. Jacob Davis. 

Anxikle, Robert. Private, Capt. Thomas Cummings's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; regiment 
detached from militia of Essex and Suffolk counties to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 

Annible, Samuel, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Jacob Fuller's co., Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 4 mos. 18 days, at 
Rhode Island; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Anxible, William, Rochester. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Joseph Parker's co., dated April 4, 1778; joined Capt. Pope's co.. Col. 
Shepard's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Axxix, . [This name also appears under the form of Annen.] 

Anxix, William. Surgeon, Col. Thomas Nixon's and Col. Rufus Putnam's regts.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 2, 1777 ; aho, pay abstracts 
for rati(ms dated Albany, Oct. 26 and Dec. 3, 1777 ; also, muster roll for Nov. 
and Dec, 1777, dated Albany; also, muster roll for Jan.-April, 1778; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1777; furloughed March 12, 1778, for 3 months by Maj. Thompson; also, 
■p&y abstract for rations to Aug., 1780; reported transferred to Col. Putnam's 
' (5th) regt. May 1, 1779; also. Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Axxis, . [This name also appears under the form of Amas, Anes, Anice, Aniceo, 

Anies, Anis, Armis, Annas, Annes, Anness, Anniss, Annus, Inuis.] 

Annis, Abraham, Methuen. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Jones's (2d) co., Essex Co. regt., dated Methuen, Feb. 13, 1778 ; joined Capt. 
Wiley's co., Col. Jackson's regt.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also, Capt. 
John Wiley's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; return dated April 9, 1779; 
reported killed Oct. 7, 1777. 

Axxis, Charles. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 13, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos., with Gen. 
Warner's brigade in Northern department. Roll dated Dracut. 

Annis, Ebexezer, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co.. Col. Samuel 
Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
24, 1775; service, 9 weeks 6 days; also, return of men sick and absent, dated 
Aug. 11, 1775; also, return of men in service Aug., 1775, dated Chelsea; also, 
company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775 ; also, order for l^ounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775; also, Capt. William Pearson's 
(3d)co. ; enlisted Jan. 20, 1776; discharged Nov. 18, 1776; stationed at Gloucester. 

Annis, Ezra. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Dec. 19, 1777 ; discharged April 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 16 days, 
at Winter Hill, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's troops. Roll dated Bradford. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 275 

Annis, Isaac, Bradford. Descriptive list of enlisted men, raised agreeable to resolve 
of June 9, 1779 ; Capt. Gage's co., Col. Johnson's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
2 in.; coniplexiou, dark; residence, Bradford; enlistment, 9 months; received at 
Springfield July 16, 1779, by Capt. Christopher Marshall. 

Annis, Isaac, Bradford. Private, Capt. Sewall's co., Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental 
Army paj- accounts for service from Oct. 31, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. J. 
Fray's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 16, 1780; reported died Oct. 16, 1780. 

Annis, Isaac, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Simon Larned's co.. Col. William Shepard's 
(4th) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Feb. 3," 1781; 
enlistment, 3 yeai:s ; reported on command at the Lines ; also, muster roll for 
July, 1781, dated Plnlli|)sburgh ; reported with Col. Scammell's detachment; also, 
muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated 
Camp at Continental Village; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Annis, Jacob. Private, Capt. Timothy Eaton's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga to Haverhill in 1776. 

Annis, Jacob, Andover (West Parish). Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of 
Dec. 2, 1780, dated June 18, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Annis, Jacob, Xewbury. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted April 23, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Annis, Jacob. Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; 
muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Hutts; enlisted March 23, 1781; en- 
listment, 3 years ; reported sick in Jersey. 

Annis, Jacob. Capt. Benjamin Wallcut's co., Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract for 
rations from Jan. 5 to March 25, 1777, 80 days ; also, Private, Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted March 1, 1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; ser- 
vice, 10 mos. ; reported received from 9th regt. ; deserted in 1783. 

Annis, Jacob. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) 
regt. ; return of men in service, Dec, 1782. 

Annis, James. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; list of men in service 
from Jan. 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783. 

Annis, John, Wells. Private, Capt. Abel Moulton's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt. ; service, 2 mos. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; pay allowed in 
Council, July 22, 1777 ; also, pay roll for service from May 19 to July 18, 1777, 

2 mos. 1 day, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Annis, John, Newburyport. Capt. Moses Greenleaf's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; reported taken prisoner July 7, 1777, at Hubelton. 

Annis, John, Andover. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the terra of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June .5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Andover; arrived at Spring- 
field July 2, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Phineas Parker. 

Annis, Phineas, Tewksbury. Drummer, Capt. Walker's co.. Col. Bridge's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775]. 

Annis, Stephen, Wells. Private, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 5. 1775; service, 25 days; 
also, list of men mustered in York Co. by Nathaniel AVells, Muster Master, dated 
April 27, 1778 ; Capt. Daniel Merrill's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, 

3 years ; reported received State and Continental bounties. 



276 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AxNiss, Jacob, Andover. Private, Capt. James Mallon's co., Essex Co. regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 3, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at Castle Island, 
under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Annswoth, Aarox, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Elliot's co.. Col. AVilliam 
Thomas's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 27, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 
U days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Camp at Battes Hill. 

Annum, Ciff, AV'orcester. Private, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; 
Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from March 2'), 1777, to April 19, 
1779 ; reported died April 19, 1779 ; also, Capt. William Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's 
regt.; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; reported sick at 
Sheffield; also, Lieut. Daniel Grout's co., Col. Bigelow's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 
1779, dated Providence; also, (late) Capt. William Gates's co., Col. Bigelow's 
regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence. 

Annus, Jacob. Capt. Benjamin Walker's co., Col. Bridge's regt. ; order for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 6, 1775. 

Anoble, Joseph, Barnstable. Sergeant, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co., Col. Joseph 
Otis's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 
2 days. 

Ansbury, William, Tyringham. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ansel, . [This name also appears under the form of Ansell.] 

Ansel, John, Marlborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Cranson's co., Col. P^zekiel Howe's (4th) regt.; joined Capt. Israel Davis's 
CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ansell, John. Private, Capt. Abner Cranston's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Feb. 27, 1776; 
service, 9 mos.; reported re-engaged Nov. 13, 1776, in Capt. Blodget's co., Col. 
Poor's regt. 

Ansell, John, Marlborough. List of deserters; Capt. Woodbridge's co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (13th) regt.; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, light; rank, Sergeant; deserted May 20, 1778. 

Ansford, Sharon. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Turner's 
CO., 9th regt., dated Dec. 14, 1782; joined 2d or 3d co., 3d regt.; rank. Private; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Answokth, Aaron. Private, Capt. Tisdale's (3d) co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt., 
commanded by Lieut. Col. James Millin ; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1783; 
also, Capt. Tisdale's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and 
Sept., 1783. 

Answorth, Asa, Spencer. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Hutts, New Boston, 
May 13, 1782; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; 
eyes, light; occupation, yeoman; residence, Spencer; joined Capt. James Tis- 
dale's (4th) CO., 3d regt.; enlisted June 17, 1782; enlistment, 3 years; also. 
Private, Capt. Tisdale's co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; muster rolls for 
Sept. and Oct., 1782; also, Capt. Tisdale's co., Col. Greaton's regt., commanded 
by Lieut. Col. James Millin ; muster roll for Feb., 1783; also, Capt. Tisdale's co., 
Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1783 ; also, 3d co., 
Col. Greaton's regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Millin; muster roll for 
Jan., 1784. 

Answorth, Benjamin. Private, (late) Capt. Smart's co., 3d regt.; pay abstract for 
clothing due between Jan. 1, 1781, and July, 1781 ; also, return for July, 1781, 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 277 

Answorth, Bexoni. Private, Capt. Silas Walker's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's 
detachment of jiuards at Boston; enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 4 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

AxswoRTH, LvTEK. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted March U, 1779; 
discharged June 14, 1779; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springtield. 

Answorth, Lvther, "VVilbraham. List of men mustered in Hampshire Co. by Col. 
John Bliss ; 16th co. ; mustered July 24, 1780 ; age, 20 jts. ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Anthine, Nicholas. Private, Capt. John Reed's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 1, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 2 mos. 1 day; company 
raised for defence of eastern Massachusetts ; also, receipt for equipments dated 
Falmouth, Dec. T, 1781. 

Anthoine, . [This name also appears under the form of Anthine, Anthoney.] 

AxTHOixE, JoHX, Marblehead. Drummer, Capt. William Bacon's co., Col. John 
Glover's (21st) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 19, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 18 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 26, 1775. 

AxTHOixE, JoHX. Armorer, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton ; engaged Feb. 4, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 4, 1777 ; service, 6 mos. 

AxTHOXEY, Jacob. Private; enlisted Sept. 1, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 
2 mos. 21 days, with guards at Dartmouth under Maj. Manasseh Kempton. 

AxTHoxEY, JoHx, Marblehead. Drummer, Capt. Bacon's co.. Col. Glover's regt.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

AxTHOXEY, JoHX. Drummer, brig "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston; 
engaged Sept. 6, 1777; discharged Dec. 25, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days. 

AxTHOxET, JoxATHAx. Capt. Joscph Pettcngill's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Sewall's 
Point, Nov. 19, 1775. 

AxTHOXT, . [This name also appears under the form of Anthoine, Anthoney, 

Antoine, Antone, Antoney, Antonia, Antonio, Antony, Anturn\-, Cantenej-.] 

AxTHOXY, . Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 

regt. ; enlisted Dec. 17, 1776; discharged March 20, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days, 
at the Northward. Roll sworn to at Chesterfield. 

AxTHOXY, . Receipt dated Providence, Aug. 16, 1781, and signed by Josiah Flagg, 

for the bounty paid for the enlistment of said Anthony into the army ; age, 18 
yrs. ; reported a negro. 

Anthoxy, . List of men who received bounty from the town of Swanzey for 

enlisting into Continental Army for 3 years or during war, dated Sept. 10, 1781 ; 
reported a negro. 

AxTHoxY, Abel. List of men mustered in SufiTolk Co. by Nathaniel Barl)er, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Dec. 21, 1777; Capt. Israel Davis's co., Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. 

Anthoxy, Asa. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. George Williams's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; stationed at Tiverton, R. I.; marched on a secret expedition 
Tinder Maj. Gen. Spencer. 

Anthoxt, Charles. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. James 
Hatch's (8th) co., Col. John Cushing's (•2d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 14, 
1778; residence, unknown; enlisted for town of Pembroke; joined Capt. Joshua 
Eddy's CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; age, 35 yrs. 



278 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AxTHOXT, Charles, Rochester. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Jabez Cottle's (4th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; joined 
Capt. Joshua Eddy's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. 
Eddy's CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; pay abstract for rations from Jan. 15 to Feb. 
22, 1777 ; marched from Boston to Bennington ; also, Private, 7th co., Col. Brad- 
ford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 24, 1777, to 
Sept. 1, 1778; reported killed Sept. 1, 1778; also, Capt. Eddy's co., Col. Brad- 
ford's regt.; muster roll for July, 1778, dated AVhite Plains; reported sick at 
Valley Forge. 

Anthony, Daniel, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 8 days, on 
the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780, at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Anthony, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jabez Barney's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Anthony, David, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Shearman's co.. Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; 
service, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; march(!d on a secret expedition to 
Howland's Ferry by order of Gen. Spencer. 

Anthony, Edward. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. George Williams's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. ; marched on a secret expe- 
dition under Maj. Gen. Spencer. 

Anthony, Edward. Private, Capt. Thomas Cole's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's 
(Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Anthony, Francis, Nantucket. Private, Capt. Samuel King's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; pay al)stract sworn to June 19, 1776; also, order for wages dated 
Hull, June 20, 1776 ; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 8 days service, l)etween June 4 and 
Aug. 1, 1776, at Hull. 

Anthony, Francis. Seaman, sloop " Machias Liberty," commanded by Capt. Jere- 
miah O'Brien; engaged July 8, 1776; discharged Oct. lo, 1776; service, 3 mos. 7 
days. 

Anthony, Jacob, Dartmouth. Private, Cai)t. Amasa Soper's co.. Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 11, 1776; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; also, pay 
abstract for mileage, etc., sworn to at Boston, June 19, 1776. 

Anthony, James, Plymouth (also given Plympton). List of men mustered in Plym- 
outh Co. by James Hatch, Muster Master; Capt. George Dunham's (8th) co.. 
Col. Bailey's (1st) regt. ; age, 24 j-rs. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private. 8th co.. 
Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 20, 
1777, to March 16, 1778 ; reported died March 16, 1778. 

Anthony, James, Natick. Private, Capt. James Mellen's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177o ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; 
also, company return [prol)ably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. F'ield's co.. Col. Shep- 
pard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 14, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Ca])t. Reuben Slay ton's co., Col. Shepard's regt.; muster 
return dated Valley Forge, .Tan. 30, 1778; reported sick at home; also, nmster 
rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Providence; enlistment, 3 j^ears; 
also. Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, 
dated Providence; reported on command with Gen. Glover; also. Colonel's co., 
Col. Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to March 14, 1780; also, return dated West Point, Jan. 28, 1780. 



IX THE A\AR OF THE KEVOLUTIOX. 270 

Anthony, James, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Boston ; arrived at Springfield 
July 15, 1780; marched to camp July 1'), 1780, under command of Capt. James 
Cooper; also, pay roll for G months men raised l)y the town of Boston for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 2, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 30, 
1780; service, 6 mos. 10 days; reported Matross in Col. Crane's regt. 

Anthony, John, Swanzey. Corporal, Capt. Peleg Shearman's co.. Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 3 mos., between Jan. 6 and April 19, 1777, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Slade's Ferry l:)y order of Brig. Gen. 
George Godfrey ^ also, pay roll for 5 days service, from Oct. 13 to Oct. 18, 1777; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rowland's Ferry, R. I., by order of Gen. 
Spencer. 

Anthony, John, Boston. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, March 2, 1777; Capt. White's co.. Col. Francis's 
regt. ; also, Private, Capt. White's co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 8, 1777, to Maj' 2, 1777 ; reported deserted ; also, 
list of deserters ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; 
occupation, seaman; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Wenham; enlist- 
ment, during war ; deserted May 2, 1777. 

Anthony, John. Drummer, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston; engaged Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Sept. 14, 1777; service, 25 days; 
also. Drummer, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John Lam- 
bert; engaged Dec. 21, 1777 [service not given]. 

Anthony, John, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 28 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Boston ; arrived at Springfield 
July 24, 1780 ; marched to camp July 24, 1780, under command of Capt. Soper ; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Boston for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 20, 1780; 
ser\ice, 6 mos. ; reported Matross in Col. Crane's regt. 

Anthony, Jonathan, Jr., Medford. Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Samuel Oerrish's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 1, 1775; also, Capt. John 
Baker's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. ; Private ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted 
April 24, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 9 days ; also, Capt. Wood's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. ; 
return of men sick and absent, dated Medford, Aug. 10, 1775 ; also, Capt. Joseph 
Pettingill's (10th) co., Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) 38th regt. ; company return 
dated Sewall's Point, Sept. 27, 1775; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Middlesex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 21, 1778; Capt. Brooks's co.. Col. Thatcher's regt. ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
6 in. ; residence, Medford. 

Anthony, Joseph, Grafton (also given Alstead). Capt. Luke Drury's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order for advance pay dated June 10, 1775 ; also. Private ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ajjril 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
also, company return [probal)ly Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Nov. 3, 1775; also, Capt. John Blanchard's co.. Col. 
James Wesson's regt. ; Continental ,\rmy pay accounts for service from March 
24, 1777, to Dec. 26, 1777 ; reported died Dec. 26, 1777. 

Anthony, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Devereux's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 3, 1778; roll made up to April 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 1 
day, at Camliridge ; also, Capt. Simeon Brown's CO., Col. Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
service, 2 mos. 25 days, between April 2 and July 3, 1778. Roll dated Camp 
Winter Hill. 



280 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Anthony, Makk, Newbury. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's cc, Col. Moses Little's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aui;. 1, 177;"); enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 nios. 8 
days; also, companj- return [probably Oct., 177")] ; age, SOyrs.; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 27, 177.T ; reported a servant. 

Anthony, Nicijolas. Seaman, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George 
Little; engaged May 24, 1782; discharged Oct. 6, 1782; service, 4 mos. 12 days. 

Anthony, Richard, Biddeford. Private, Lieut. Daniel AVheehvright's co. ; pay ab- 
stract for travel allowance, etc., allowed in Council, Aug. 19, 177G; also, Capt. 
Isaac Tuckerman's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; i)a\- abstract for 6j| days 
mileage, dated Nov. 28, 1776. 

Anthony, Richard, Concord. Private, Capt. Edmund Munro's co.. Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 20, 1777, 
to Feb. 10, 1778; reported deceased. 

Anthony, TnOiMAS. Private, Capt. Benjamin Willcox's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 30 days, on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Anthony, William, Medford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Lieut. Stephen Hall's co., 1st Middlesex Co. regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; joined 
Capt. Brooks's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 7th co.. 
Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 
1777, to Jan. 13, 1778; also, list of deserters, dated Camp Ten Eyck, Aug. 27, 
1780; Lieut. Colonel's co.; rank. Private; deserted Jan. 13, 1778. 

Antiskl, Pkrez, Ludlow. Private, Capt. Isaac Colton's co., Col. Brewer's (later 
Rufus Putnam's) 9th regt.; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 
15, 1775. 

Antizel, Perez, Ludlow. Private, Capt. Isaac Colton's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 2 
weeks, 2 days. 

Antley, Edward. Seaman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged Feb. 18, 1779 [service not given] . 

Antoine, . Private, Capt. John Prel)l)le's co.. Col. Jolm Allan's regt.; enlisted 

Feb. 3, 1780; discharged Ma}- 15, 1780; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at Machias. 

Antone, James, Marblehead. Private, Capt. John Selman's (8th) co., Col. John 
Glover's I'egt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 2(5, 1775; service, 
1^ mos. 1 day; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 9, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its eciuivalcnt in money, dated Marbleliead, Jan. 3, 1776. 

Antoney, Edward, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 8 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Antoney, John. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Cajit. John 
Fisk; engaged Feb. 17, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 
Roll dated Salem. 

Antoney, Jonathan, Medford. Private, Capt. Stephen Dana's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; arrived at camj) May 9, 1777; discharged July 10, 1777; service, 2 
mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Antoney, Joseph, Grafton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Joseph Warren's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 19, 1777; joined Capt. 
Blanchard's co., Col. Wesson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 3-ears. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 281 

Antonet, Pail. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; enlisted 
July 30, 1780; discharired Auj?. 7, 1780; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. Marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Antoxia, Joseph. Mariner, britrantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet; engaged July 9, 1778; dischar,!,'ed Dec. 18, 1778; service, 5 mos. 9 days. 

Anioxio, Fraxcis, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 9, 1778, dated Dorchester, June 29, 
1778 ; Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) re;?t. ; ape, 24 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 8 in. ; hair, 
dark ; eyes, gray ; nationality, Portuguese ; residence, Boston ; sent to Gen. War- 
ner at Fishkill ; conducted to camp by Maj. Thomas Cogswell of Col. Vose's regt. 

Antony, . Private, Capt. N. Harwood's co.. Col. John Dickinson's regt. ; enlisted 

July 19, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 15 days; marched on an alarm 
to Manchester to reinforce army under Col. Warner. 

AxToxY, . Drummer, Capt. Joseph Warner's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 

regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, 
in Northern department. 

AxTOXY, Charles. Private, Capt. Joseph Parker's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 19, 1776; discharged Nov. 18, 1776; service, 2 mos., on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Antony, David, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 8 davs, on the 
alarm of Aug. 1, 1780, at Rhode Island ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

AxTOXY, James. Capt. James Mellen's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 26, 1773. 

Antony, James, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated June, 1780 ; Capt. 
Hodgdon's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Boston; enlistment, 6 months from July, 
1780. 

Antony, Peleg, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 8 days, on the 
alarm of Aug. 1, 1780, at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Antony, Peter, Portsmouth. Private, Capt. Peleg Simmons's co.. Col. Christopher 
Olney's regt. ; muster roll dated Newport, R. I., Oct. 23, 1781 ; enlisted Oct. 11, 
1781. 

Anturny, John, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated June, 1780; Capt. 
Farrington's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Boston; enlistment, 6 months. 

Aondress, Nathan. Private, Capt. Rufus Barney's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt. ; service, 
4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. ; roll dated July 
28, 1780. 

AoRSON, Aaron. Captain, 1st co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st New York) regt.; 
muster roll for Jan. -March, 1781 ; appointed Nov. 21, 1776 ; reported on command 
at Saratoga; also, muster rolls for April and May, 1781, dated West Point; 
reported on command at Saratoga. 

Aortherton, Oliver. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co. detached from Hampshire 
Co. militia. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; enlisted July 22, 1778; discharged Dec. 
31, 1778; service, 5 mos. 12 days, guarding stores in Springfield and Brookfield. 

Apee, Samuel, Salem. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted Feb. 14, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 



282 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Aplebee, Thomas. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted May 24, 
1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 7 mos. 8 days. 

Aplebt, Simeox, Berwick. Private, Capt. John Goodwin's co., Maj. Daniel Little- 
field's (York Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged Sept. 10, 1779; ser- 
vice, 2 mos., on expedition to Penobscot. 

Ai'LEBY, Thomas, Berwick. Private, Capt. John Goodwin's co., Maj. Daniel Little- 
field's (York Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged Sept. 10, 1779; ser- 
vice, 2 mos., on expedition to Penobscot. 

Ari.iNG, John, Plympton. List of men raised for the G months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 2"), 1780. 

Appelbee, Michael, ^Llrblehead. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Trevett's co.. Col. llichard 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated June 21, 1775; enlisted May 12, 
1775 ; service, 1 mo. 12 days. 

Appixg, Johx, Plympton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Plympton; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay. 

Applbe, Robert. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Wheelwright's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt. ; enlisted Jan. 3, 1777 ; marched March 22, 1777 ; roll made up for rations. 

Applebee. . [This name also appears under the form of Aplebee, Apleby, Appel- 

1«e, Applbe, Applebery, Appleby.] 

Applebee, . List of men raised to march to Horse Neck, N. Y., dated Cambridge, 

Sept. 27, 1776 ; reported hired by Joseph Reed. 

Applebee, Michael, Cambridge. 2d Corporal, Capt. John Walton's co.. Col. Brooks's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. 1 day. 

Applebee, Robekt, Y'ork. Private, Capt. Daniel AVheelwright's co., Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 25, 1778; mustered by Col. Varrick ; 
reported discharged July 20, 1777. 

Applebee, Thomas. Receipt for bounty paid him by Moses Hodsdon of Class No. 6 
for the town of Berwick, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 
years, dated Wells, May 24, 1782. 

Appleberv, Simeon. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Storer's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos. 3 days, with Northern 
army; discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Appleby, Joseph, Rowley. Private, Capt. Daniel I;ane's co., Col. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 28, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Appleby, Robert. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Appleby, Robert, York. List of men mustered in York Co. by Nathaniel AVells, 
Muster Master, dated Wells, Feb. 1, 1777; Capt. Daniel Wheelwright's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported received 
State and Continental bounties ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Francis's co., Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 3, 1777, to 
Oct. 3, 1777; reported discharged Oct. 15, 1777. 

Appleby, Simeon. Private, Capt. Philip IIubl)ard's co. ; enlisted Sept. 1, 1776; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 13 da.ys; stationed at Kittery Point and Old York. 

Appleby, Zebeuee. Capt. Sprague's co. ; list of men dated Oct., 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 283 

ArPLETOx, Bexjamin, Ipswich. Corporal, Capt. Ellsha Whitney's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 177-"), from Ipswicli Hamlet to Mystic, and again on May 
1, 177"), to Cambridge ; service, 4 days on first alarm, 16 days on second alarm. 

Ari'LETON, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 177G; 
discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

Appleton, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt. of guards ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
1 day ; roll dated Camp Winter Hill ; also, Capt. Thomas Cummings's co., Col. 
Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 
1779 ; service, 1 mo. 20 days ; regiment raised in Essex and Suffolk counties to 
reinforce army under Gen. Washington. 

Appleton, Clever (Oliver ?) , Ipswich. Private, Capt. David Low's co. of volunteers, 
3d Essex Co. regt. ; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777 ; marched Oct. 2, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 
7, 1777, at Cambridge ; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at the Northward and in guarding 
Gen. Burgoyne's troops to Prospect Hill, under command of Maj. C. Smith. 

Appleton, Daniel. Private, Capt. John Elden's co. ; service, 1^ days ; marched to 
Biddeford "on an express" from Col. Tristram Jordan, sent in consequence of 
armed vessels appearing to be coming into Winter Harbor ; roll dated Buxton, 
Dec. 14, 1775. 

Appleton, Daniel, Haverhill (also given Newbury). Private, Lieut. Israel Bartlet's 
CO., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, Capt. 
Jeremiah Putnam's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; dis- 
charged Jan. 1, 1780; service, 5 mos. 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 
Capt. Thomas Mighill's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days; enlistment, 3 
months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Appleton, Francis. Seaman, State ship "Tartar," commanded by Capt. John Cath- 
cart ; engaged July 7, 1782 ; service, 29 days ; reported deserted Aug. 5, 1782. 

Appleton, Jacoh. Yeoman of " Prooz men ( ? )," ship " Vengeance," commanded I)y 
Capt. Thomas Thomas; engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; ser- 
vice, 2 mos., on expedition to Penobscot. 

Appleton, Jonathan, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Daniel Rogers's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Appleton, Joseph, Ipswich. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Rogers's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Appleton, Joseph, Jr., Ipswich. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. John 
Baker's (3d Essex Co.) regt.; return of men in service April 17, 1775; also, Capt. 
Wade's co., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Caml)ridge; ser- 
vice, 21 days ; reported ordered to Mystick April 19, to Salem April 20, to Ipswich 
April 21, thence to headquarters at Camljridge; also, Capt. Wade's co. of Pro- 
vincials; marched to Cambridge June 5, 1775; also, Sergeant, Capt. Wade's co., 
Col. Moses Little's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; 
service, 11 weeks 5 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported 
discharged Sept. 18, 1775 ; age, 35 yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Appleton, Oliver, Ipswich. Private, Capt. David Low's co. of volunteers, Maj. 
Charles Smith's (Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged Nov. 7, 
1777, at Cambridge ; service, 40 days, under Gen. Gates guarding Gen. Burgoj'ne's 
army at Prospect Hill and in Northern department; also, Capt. Jeremiah Put- 
nam's CO., Col. Natlian Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 15, 1779; discharged Jan. 1, 
1780 ; service, 5 mos. 21 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Sergeant, Capt. 



284 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Api'Letox, Olivkk, continued. 

John Robinson's CO., Col. William Turner's regt. ; enlisted July 15, 1781; dis- 
charged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 4 mos. 20 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
company raised in Essex Co. for 5 months service. 

Appletox, Samuel. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached 
from Boston regt., agreealjle to order of Council of May 7, 1777, to serve under 
Maj. Gen. Heath for 5 weeks. 

Appletox, Thomas. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

ArPLETOx, Thomas, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. John Baker's 
(3d Essex Co.) regt.; return of men in senice April 17, 1775; also, Capt. Elisha 
AVhitney's co., which marched on the alarm of Ajjril 19, 1775, from Ipswich 
Hamlet to Mystic; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Nathaniel AVade's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 21 days ; marched 
toMystick April 19, to Salem April 20, to Ipswich April 21, thence to headquarters 
at Caml)ridge May 1, 1775; service at Cambridge, 16 days; also, Capt. Wade's 
CO. of Provincials; marched to Cambridge June 5, 1775; also, Capt. Wade's co.. 
Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; 
8er^^ce, 11 weeks 5 da.vs ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 29 yrs. ; 
also, order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 
17, 1778; joined Capt. Billy Porter's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 j'ears ; also, pay abstract for subsistence money from date of enlistment, 
Jan. 22, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington, 62 days ; marched March 12, 1777 ; 
also, Sergeant, Capt. Porter's co.. Col. Tupper's regt. ; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Feb. 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported transferred to 
invalid corps at Boston; also, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids; pay 
roll for June-Sept., 1778, dated Boston; also, Lieut. Osgood Carlton's co., Col. 
Lewis Nichola's regt. of invalids ; muster rolls for Aug., Sept. and Oct., 1779, dated 
Boston; k/so, Capt. McFarland's co. of invalids; stationed at Boston ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Appeetox, Thomas, Jr. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

Appletox, William, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 18, 1778; 
Capt. Marsh's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Haverhill; also. Private, Capt. Ricfiard Titcomb's co.. 
Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 3, 1780; discharged Oct. 
10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to rein- 
force Continental Army. 

Applewhite, Jamox. Private, Lieut. Andrew Oilman's co. ; enlisted Aug. 5, 1777; 
discharged Oct. 20, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 15 days ; stationed at Penobscot River ; 
roll dated Boston ; also, Artillery co.. Col. John Allan's regt. ; enlisted May 24, 
1778; discharged Dec. 1, 1778; service, 6 mos. 5 days; stationed at Machias. 

Appling, . [This name also appears under the form of Apling, Apping.] 

Appling, John, Plympton. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Plymp- 
ton for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 9, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 17 days. 

Ara, Nathaniel, Athol. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
John Oliver's co., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Peat's co.. Col. Ogden's 
(New Jersey) regt.; enlistment to expire Jan. 10, 1780. 

Aray, John. List of 6 months men raised by the town of Harwich for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780. [See Joshua Ary.] 



m THE WAR Of THE REVOLUTION. 285 

Arboue, Francis. Boy, ship "General Putnam," commanded bv Capt. Daniel 
Waters; engaged Julj' 9, 1779; service, 1 mo. 28 days. 

Akbuckel, Samuel, Dover. Private, Capt. John Low's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
companj' return dated Oct. 6, 177o; also, Capt. Low's co.. Col. Israel Hutchin- 
son's (19th) regt. ; order for. bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Winter Hill, Oct. 21, 1775. 

Arbuckel, Samiei,. An account of articles supplied his family by selectmen of Beverly 
from Dec, 1780, to March, 1782, during his service with the army. 

AuBVCKELL, Samuel, Beverly. Capt. John Low's co.. Col. Mansfield's (later Hutchin- 
son's) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775 ; also, Private ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 12, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days. 

Arbuckle, . [This name also appears under the form of Arbuckel, Arbuckell, 

Arbuncle, Arbunile, Arbunkle.] 

Arbuckle, Samuel, Beverly. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Williams's co., Col. John Grea- 
ton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 6, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779. 

Arbuckle, Sasiuel, Beverly. Private, Col. Sheldon's regt. of light dragoons; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from March 16, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Jan., 1781 ; enlisted March 16, 
1780, by Sergt. Pike ; joined 2d regt. light dragoons ; enlistment, during war. 

Arbuckle, William. Seaman ; list of men on the United States brig " General Gates," 
commanded by Capt. John Skimmer [year not given] , entitled to prize shares ; 
credited with one share. 

Arbuxcle, Joseph. Private, Capt. Silas Walker's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards serving in Boston; enlisted Dec. 20, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 
1780; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Arbuncle, Samuel, Beverly. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d 
Beverly CO., Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 13, 1778; joined Capt. Williams's co., 
Col. Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Corporal, Major's co., Col. Grea- 
ton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 
6, 1780. 

Akbuncle, William. Boy, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Fisk; engaged Sept. 30, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 3 mos.; also, 
brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan Haraden; engaged 
Feb. 2G, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 6 mos. 3 days. 

Arbunile, Samuel, Andover. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] . 

Arbunkle, Joseph. Private, Capt. Silas Walker's co., Maj. Heath's detachment of 
guards; enlisted Dec. 20, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 1780; service, 1 mo. 10 days. 

Arbunkle, William. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Fisk; engaged Jan. 1, 1777; discharged Feb. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Arcant, John. Marine, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson ; engaged 
Nov. 19, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; engagement, 12 mouths; reported 
"run." 

Archabald, David, Groton. Private, Capt. Henry Farwell's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 16 days. 

Archabel, David. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 26 days ; 
marched to Saratoga. Roll dated Littleton. 

Archabell, David, Groton. Private, Capt. Moor's co., Col. Prescott's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17. 1775; service, 2 mos. 16 days. 



286 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Archabld, David, Groton or Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Sawtell's co., Col. James 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days. 

Archbali), Bartholomew. Private, Capt. John Pray's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
rem't. ; muster roll for Fel)., 1782, dated Hutts ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1781 ; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported sick and absent. 

Archbald, Edward, Marblehead. Ensifj;n, Capt. AVilliaiu I-ee's co. ; return of officers 
of companies who made choice of John Glover for Colonel ; reported not included 
among tiiose approved for commissions June 22, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
John Glover's co.. Col. John Glover's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 19, 1775; service, 2 mos. 17 days; also, Ensign; company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Captain-Lieutenant, Col. Lanil)'s (Artillery) regt.; 
Continental Arnn- pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, return dated Boston, Jan. 16, 1779; also, return dated Morristown, Jan. 29, 
1780; also, Captain-Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Thomas's co.. Col. John Lamb's 
(2d) regt.; muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West Point; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; reported on command at Verplanck's Point, in April, 1781. 

Archbold, Bartholomew. Private, Capt. John Pray's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1781 ; enlistment, 

3 years. 

Ahchdkacon, Thomas. Master; list of prisoners [year not given] . 

Archebell, David, Groton. Private, Capt. Moor's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; com- 
l)any return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

AucHF.i.ors, . [This name also apjiears under the form of Archelus, Arcles, 

Arclees, Arcular, Arcules, Arculus.] 

Archelois, James, Medfield. Private, Cajjt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days. 

Archeh's, , Plaistow. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Oilman's co.. Col. John Nixon's 

(5th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 

4 days; company return dated Sept. 30, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in mone,v, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Archer, . [This name also appears under the form of Arther, Asher.] 

Archer, Amos. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; marched July 28, 1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 5 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Archer, Archibald, Ireland. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt.; residence, Ireland; enlisted for town 
of Roxbury; joined Capt. Sumner's co., Col. Greaton's (2d) regt.; enlistment, 
3 years, to expire April, 1780; also. Private, Capt. Job Sunmer's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll for Oct., 1780; reported discharged " illicitly " l)y 
the State of Massachusetts. 

Archer, Benjamin, Keene. Sergeant, Capt. Jeremiah Stiles's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 26. 1775; service, 
2 mos. 11 daj's; reported appointed Sergeant June 18, 1775; fl/.so,order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Boston, Nov. 10, 1775. 

Archer, Edward. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston; engaged Oct. 25, 1776; discharged Dec. 26, 1776; service, 2 mos. 1 
day. 

Archer, Edward. Private, Capt. Mills's co., Col. Vose's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 15, 1777; reported desertetl; 
also, list of deserters dated Camp Highlands, N. Y., July 13, 1780; birthi)lace, 
England; age, 24 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark ; hair, black. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 287 

Archer, Edward. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Ebenezer 
Thayer, Jr.'a (')th Suffolk Co.) regt., dated Braintree, Jan. 27, 1778; enlisted for 
town of Braintree; joined Capt. Tuckerman's co., Col. Patterson's regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war ; reported a transient. 

Archer, Jack. Seaman, sloop "Tyrannicide," commanded liy Capt. John Fisk ; 
engaged June 16, 1776 ; discharged Sept. 18, 1776. 

Archer, Jacob. Private; list of prisoners exchanged from port of Halifax by order 
of Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777 ; reported taken at Canada. 

Archer, James, Barre. Private, Capt. Benjamin Nye's co., Maj. Jonas Wilder's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 29 days; marched 
to reinforce Northern army. 

Archer, Job. Private, Capt. Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt., commanded 
by Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler; service, 1 mo. 1.5 days, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776, 
at Rhode Island. 

Archer, Job. Private, Capt. Job Knap's co.. Col. Jol) Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
25, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at the Northward. 

Archer, Job, Douglas. Private, Capt. Caleb Whiting's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 10 days; also. Corporal, Capt. 
Edward Seagrave's co.. Col. Joseph Read's (20th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; also, company return dated 
Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone}", dated Camp 
at Roxbury, Dec. 29, 1775 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Armj' for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
36 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Douglas; arrived at 
Springfield July 12, 1780; marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of 
Ensign Gilbert ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, Capt. Japheth Daniels's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; 
roll made up from Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 4 mos. 14 
days ; reported marched July 10, 1780 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Archer, John. Private, Artillery co.. Col. John Allan's regt. ; enlisted March 17, 
1778; discharged June 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 14 days, at Machias; also, Capt. 
Thomas Robbins's co., Col. Allan's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 15, 1779; roll made up to 
June 1, 1779 ; service, 4 mos. 15 days, at Machias ; also, pay roll for the month of 
June, 1779 ; service at Machias. 

Archer, John. Sergeant Major, Artillery co.. Col. John Allan's regt.; enlisted June 
1, 1778; roll made up to Dec. 1, 1778; service, 6 mos., at Machias; also, Capt. 
Thomas Robbins's co.. Col. Allan's regt.; service, 1 mo. 15 days, from Dec. 1, 
1778, to Jan. 15, 1779, at Machias; also, Capt. Jeremiah O'Brien's co. of rangers. 
Col. Allan's regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos., 
at Machias. 

Archer, John, Salem. Descriptive list, dated June 15, 1780, of officers and crew of the 
ship "Junius Brutus," commanded l)v Capt. John Leach; age, 15 yrs.; stature, 
4 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Salem. 

Archer, John, Newbury. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 28 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Newbury; arrived at Spring- 
field July 14, 1780; marched to camp July 14, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Hancock ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Newburyport 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 8, 1780 ; discharged 
Dec. 5, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. 



288 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Akcher, Michael, Ipswich. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Remick's co., Col. 
Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; birthplace, Derr.v, N. H. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 
in.; complexion, light; hair, light; residence, Ipswich; enlisted April 7, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Timothy Remick's co., Col. Yose's regt. ; 
list of men tried by court-martial ; tried May 30, 1781, by regimental court-martial, 
Lieut. Foot, President, for repeatedly absenting himself from tlie company with- 
out leave; sentence, 100 lashes; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated 
Phillipsburgh ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, 
dated Peekskill; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, and Jan. and Feb., 
1782, dated York llutts; reported at New Windsor Hospital in Oct., Nov. and 
Dec, 1781. 

Archer, Moses. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's detachment, drafted to serve at 
Boston under Col. Thomas Crafts, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 16, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 8 days. 

Archer, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Benjamin "Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted July 11, 
1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at Salem. 

Archer, Peter. Lieut. Walker's (late Capt. Butler's) 8th co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) 
regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle. 

Archer, Stephex. Prize Master, lirigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk; engaged July 31, 1777; discharged Oct. 16, 1777; service, 2 mos. 17 
days. Roll dated Boston. 

Archer, Stephen, Salem. Descriptive list, dated June 15, 1780, of officers and crew 
of ship " Junius Brutus," commanded by Capt. John Leach; age, 40 yrs.; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Salem. 

Archer, Thomas, Salem. Descriptive list, dated June 7, 1780, of officers and crew of 
the sloop " Race Horse," commanded by Capt. Clifford Byrne; age, 30 yrs.; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Salem. 

Archesox, Thomas, Everdon, Northampton, Eng. Private, Capt. Wiley's co., Co\. 
Sargent's (28th) regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Archibald, . [This name also appears under the form of Archaltald, Archabld, 

Archat)el, Archabell, Archbald, Archbold, Archebell, Archibel, Archibell.] 

Archibald, David. Private, Capt. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
July 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 6 days, at Rliode Island; 
also, muster roll dated P^ast Greenwich, Sept. 17, 1778; reported on l)oard a prison 
ship; also, muster roll dated North Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778; also, muster roll 
dated East Greenwich, Jan., 1779. 

Archibald, Edward. Captain-Lieutenant, Col. Lamb's (Artillery) regt. ; Continen- 
tal Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Archib?;l, David, Groton. Capt. Joseph Moor's co.. Col. William Prescott's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Nov. 
17, 1775. 

Archibell, David, Littleton. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance ; service at Dorchester Heights, Nov., 1776. 

Arclees, James, Medfield. Private, Capt. Knap's co., Col. William Sheppard's regt.; 
Continental Army \my accounts for service from May 18, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778, March and April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence. 

Arcles, James, Medfield. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Ben- 
jamin Hawes's (4tli Suffolk Co.) regt.; joined Capt. Knapp's co., Col. Shepard's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 289 

Arcvlas, James. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts ; enlistment, during 
war. 

Arcvles, James, Medfield. Private, Capt. BuUard's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; company 
return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 177") ; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Sahin Mann's co., dated Sept. 8, 1777; joined Capt. 
Knap's CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, descriptive list of re- 
enlisted men dated Bud's Highlands; Col. William Shepard's regt.; age, 2.3 yrs.; 
statiire, 6 ft.; complexion, black; hair, black; residence, Medtield; enlisted Jan. 
1, 1780; also. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co., Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war; also, 
muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1781, 
dated York Hutts. 

Arculus, James, Medfield. Private, Capt. Benjamin BuUard's co., Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177o; enlisted April 24, 177"); service, 
3 mos. 9 days; also, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt.; 
enlisted May 3, 1777; service, 10 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 2 months; 
also, Capt. Holebrook's co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Ardersox, Robert. Seaman, frigate " Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged Feb. 16, 1779 [service not given] . 

Ardewat, Amos. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 24, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; re- 
ported deserted Aug. 31, 1779. 

Arditon, Johx. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted Jixne 25, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 19 days, at Rhode 
Island ; roll sworn to at Boston ; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17, 
1778; also, muster roll dated Warwick, Nov. 7, 1778. 

Ares, Amos. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; roll for equip- 
ments dated Nov. 9, 1778. 

Ares, Johx. Private, Capt. Andrew Woodberry's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. Roll dated Gloucester. 

Ares, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Ehenezer Webber's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days; marched to 
Stillwater. 

Arey, . [This name also appears under the form of Ara, Aray, Arry, Ary, Arys.] 

Arey, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Elijah Smalley's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Arey, Simox. Mariner, brigantine "Speed" (privateer), commanded by Capt. Ben- 
jamin Cox ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 17, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark. 

Arey, Sylvaxus, Wellfleet. Private, Capt. Winslow Lewis's co. ; pay abstract for 
travel allowance to and from camp at Cambridge, dated Jan. 13, 1776. 

Arm, Edward. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 9, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; stationed at Warwick, R. I. Roll sworn to 
at Swanzey. 



290 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Armand, . Colonel ; letter dated Boston, April 13, 1778, stating that said Armand 

had served as colonel in Continental Army from May, 1777, had also commanded 
an Independent Corps, and at time of writing was employed to recruit for Conti- 
nental Army ; also, list of officers entitled to draw clothing, agreeable to resolve 
of Aug. 23, 1779. 

Armbt, Matthias, Medfield. Descriptive list, dated Dorchester, June 20, 1778, of men 
raised for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 
1778; Capt. Plimpton's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; age, 21 yrs.; stature, T) ft. 7 in.; 
hair, dark; eyes, gray; nationality, American; occupation, husbandman; resi- 
dence, Medfield ; conducted to camp by Capt. Davis. 

Armextox, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt. ; en- 
listed July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at Rhode 
Island ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Armer, Robert, Scituate. Capt. Nathaniel AVinslow's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776 ; also. Private ; 
enlisted April 29, 1776; engaged in the naval service July 20, 1776; also. Seaman, 
brigantine " Independence," commanded l)y Capt. Simeon Samson ; engaged July 
14, 1776; roll made up to Sept. 22, 1776, dated Plymouth; service, 2 mos. 8 days; 
also, pay rolls for service from Sept. 23, 1776, to Feb. 19, 1777. 

AR3IES, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. James "Walsworth's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 11 days, at New London, Conn. 

Armes, Moses. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Agrippa Wells's (10th) co., Lieut. Col. Wells's 
(5th Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 
19, 1780. 

Armestrong, George, Murrayfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, 
dated April 13, 1779; joined Capt. Lee's co., Col. Hazel's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years or during war. 

Armfield, Jos., Massachusetts. Landsman, brig "Adventure," commanded by Capt. 
James Morris; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 26, 1780; age, 23 
yrs. ; complexion, dark ; hak, black ; residence, Massachusetts. 

Armixgtox, . [This name also appears under the form of Armenton.] 

Armingtox, John, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Lyon's and Capt. Jesse Perrin's 
COS., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, 
Capt. Joseph Franklin's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; service, 16 days, at 
Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Armixgton, Joseph, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's regt. ; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; 
marched to Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. James Hills's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; 
list of men in service at Bristol for 3 mos., from Dec. 28, 1776 ; also, Capt. Hills's 
CO., Col. Williams's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 30, 1777; ser- 
vice at Tiverton, R. I.; also, Capt. Franklin's co.. Col. Daggett's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 5, 1778; discharged March 31, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; also, Capt. Joseph Cole's co.. Col. John 
Jacobs's regt.; enlisted June 20, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 
13 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

AR3IIXGT0X, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
regt.; enlisted March 16, 1779; discharged April 12, 1779; service, 28 days, at 
Howland's Ferry. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 291 

Armixgton, Joshua. Capt. John Pain's co. ; list of men stationed at Winter Hill and 
Dorchester for about 2 months ; dismissed April 1, 1776. 

Akmingtox, William, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Phanuel Bishop's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Joseph 
Franklin's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; service, 16 days, at Rhode Island, 
on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; marched to Bristol, R. I. 

Armis, Isaac. Private, Capt. John Davis's co., Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 2'), 1778; discharged Oct. 1, 1778; service, 9 days; company detached to 
guard and fortify forts in and about Boston. 

Armitage, John. Sailor, on board the "Eagle," commanded by Capt. William 
Groves; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 17, 1780; stature, 5 ft. 6 
in.; complexion, light. 

Armloxg, John H. Private, Capt. Samuel Thrall's co., Col. Marinus Willett's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1781; discharged Nov. 9, 1781; service, 2 mos. 29 days, on 
Mohawk River ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Armor, . [This name also appears under the form of Armer.] 

Armor, Jos., Philadelphia. List of prisoners discharged from prison ships at Rhode 
Island and sent to Boston in the schooner " Speedwell " by Josiah Godfrey, Aug. 
6, 1777. 

Arms, . [This name also appears under the form of Armes.] 

Arms, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Porter's regt.; enlisted 
July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 38 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern army after the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Arms, Ebenezer. Captain, 10th co., .5th Hampshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned May 3, 1776; also, resignation, dated Greenfield, .\pril 10, 
1780, of his commission as Captain of the 10th co., Lieut. Col. David Wells's (oth 
Hampshire Co.) regt. ; accepted liy Council, April 25, 1780. 

Arms, Eliphaz, Deerfield. Capt. French's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt.; return of 
men drafted from Hampshire Co. militia who marched to Horse Neck [year not 
given] ; reported failed to join the regiment. 

Arms, Jonathan, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ithamer Wright's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 
27, 1775. 

Arms, Moses, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 14 days; also, Capt. Timothy Childs's CO., Col. David Field's regt.; ser- 
vice, 4 days, in Aug., 1777 ; marched on an alarm to Bennington. 

Arms, Thomas. Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24,1777; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777 ; reported on command 
at the block house. 

Armsbee, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Mel. Woolsey's co., Lieut. Col. William S. Smith's 
regt. ; pay rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778. 

Armsborough, Broavnel (also given Bownell). Private, Capt. Manasseh Kemp- 
ton's CO., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted July 26, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, return of men for travel 
allowance from Rhode Island to Dartmouth, Sept. 1, 1777. 

Armsburg, George, Boston. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
(16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 22, 1778, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. Henley's regt.; pay roll 
for Nov., 1778; also, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; muster 
roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, 2d co., Col. Jackson's regt.; muster 
roll dated Camp Providence, July 13, 1779 ; enlistment, during war. 



292 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Armsburoe (alias Omsburg), George. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Henry Jack- 
son's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 
31, 1780; reported a transient. 

Armsbirgh, George, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 19 (also given 
27) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, weaver; 
residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Bedford; enlisted March 22, 1778; mus- 
tered by Lieut. Sayle; joined Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (also 
given Lieut. Col. John Brooks's) 7th regt. ; rank. Private ; enlistment, during war ; 
also, Capt. Hastings's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; discharged June 10, 1783, 
by Gen. Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Armsbvrt, Matthias, Medfield. Private, Capt. Aaron Guild's co., Col. Lemuel Rob- 
son's regt.; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776; roll made up to date of marching; service, 
14 days, at Dorchester Heights; regiment raised in Suffolk and York counties. 

Armsbt, . [This name also appears under the form of Amsbee, Amsborough, 

Amsby, Armby, Armsbee, Armsborongh, Armsburg, Armsburge, Armsburgh, 

Armsbury, Omsby, Ormsby.] 
Armsbt, Enos. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; marched 

Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Roll dated Medfield. 
Armsbt, Enos. Private, (Japt. Samuel Fisher's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk 

Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 2, 1780 ; service, 8 days, on an 

alarm at Rhode Island. 
Arsisbt, Jacob, Jr., Swanzey. Descriptive list of enlisteil men mustered by James 

Leonard, Muster Master, dated June 1, 1778; Capt. Peleg Peck's (4th) co.. Col. 

Thomas Carpenter's (1st) regt.; age, 32 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, 

dark; hair, black; eyes, dark; residence, Swanzey ; enlistment, 9 months from 

time of arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778. 

Armsbt, Joseph. Private, Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Oct. 20, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Aemsby, Matthias, Medfield. Private, Capt. Epliraim Chenery's co.. Col. John 
Smith's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; 
enlistment, 8 months; also, Capt. Seth Bullard's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; 
also, company return dated Roxbiu-y, Sept. 26, 1775; also, Capt. Sabin Mann's 
(train liand) co. ; return for equipments made up to June 10, 1776 ; reported enlisted 
into the army July, 1776, for service in Canada ; detached May 27 [year not 
given] ; Capt. Daniel's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt. ; discharged Nov. 6, 
1776; also, list of men who marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 22, 
1777; reported delinquent on account of poor healtli ; also, Capt. Ezekiel Plimp- 
ton's CO., Col. Hawes's regt.; marclied Sept. 25, 1777; discliarged Oct. 28, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 7 days, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island; company drafted 
for 30 days from Oct. 1, 1777. 

Armsbt, Matthias. Corporal, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Oct. 6, 1780; service, 12 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Armsbt, Shkm, Medfield. Private, Capt. Epliraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; also. Ser- 
geant, Capt. John Gay's c6.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; service, 1 day; roll 
sworn to Nov. 29, 1776. 

Armsbt, Titus, Taunton. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered l)y James Leonard, 
Muster Master, subsequent to Sept. 16 [year not given] ; Capt. James Cooper's 
CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; residence, 
Taunton. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. « 293 

Ar.mstkong, . [This name also appears under the form of Armestrong, Armlong.] 

Armstrong, Adam. Private, Capt. Charles Parsons's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; en- 
listment, during war. 

Armstroxg, Archihald. Drummer, Capt. Cliarles Parsons's co., Col. Goose Van 
Schaick's (1st New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West 
Point; enlistment, during war. 

Armstrong, Ebenezer. Seaman, State brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John 
F. AVilliams ; engaged June 30, 1778 ; discharged Oct. 16, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 
■16 days. 

Armstrong, Ebenezer. Captain's Steward (also given Seaman), brigantiiie "Tyran- 
nicide," commanded by Capt. Allen Ilallel; engaged Feb. 12, 1779; discharged 
April 30, 1779; service, 2 mos. 19 days. 

Armstrong, Elias, Lenox (also given West Stockbridge). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Increase Hewins's co. ; joined Capt. Moses 
Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; also, list of men mustered in Berkshire 
Co. by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master ; mustered l)etween Jan. 20, 1777, and 
June 1, 1778; enlistment, 3 j-ears or during war; also, Private, Cai)t. Ashley's co., 
Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, 
to May 1, 1778; reported deceased; also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley Forge, 
Jan. 6, 1778; reported sick at Reading. 

Armstrong, Francis, Falmouth. List of men enlisted into Continental Army fi-om 
Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt. [year not given] ; residence, Fal- 
mouth; enlisted for town of Medfield ; joined Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Alden's 
regt.; enlistment, during war; also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, Nov. 23, 1777 ; Capt. Allen's 
CO., Col. Alden's regt. 

Armstrong, George, Murrayfield. Capt. Edward Crafts's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also. 
Bombardier; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 8, 1775; service, 7 
weeks 5 days ; also, companj' return dated French Lines, Oct. 12, 1775 ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Armstrong, George, Boston. Sergeant, Capt. John Gill's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 11, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 
mos. 22 days. 

Armstrong, James. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquar- 
ters, Ticonderoga, Nov. 11, 1776 ; rank, Ensign, 2d Pennsylvania regt. ; promoted 
2d Lieutenant, vice Lieut. Currie advanced. 

Armstrong, James, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Mannasseh Sawyer's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Worcester, Feb. 
17, 1778; joined Capt. Hodgkins's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, list of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; 
Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; mustered July 24, 1777; enlistment, 3 
years ; also, Private, (late) Capt. Hodgkins's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from July 22, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster 
rolls for Feb., March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; also, Capt. Houdin's 
CO., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Armj- pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to July 22, 1780. 

Armstrong, James, Grafton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed nmster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 



291 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Armstrong, James, Sterlin?. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, farmer; residence, 
Sterling; enlisted March 22, 1782; joined Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Armstrong, Jojix, Boston. Sergeant, Capt. Abner Cranson's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, receii)t for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Armstrong, John. Private, Capt. Josiah "Wilder's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt., 
under command of Maj. Daniel Clapp; enlisted July 4, 1778; discharged July 15, 
1778; service, 13 days, at Rutland barracks. Roll dated Templeton. 

Armstrong, John. Private, Lieut. Hodijah Bayles's co. of grenadiers, Col. Henry 
Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa. ; also, pay roll for 
June, 1778, dated Providence ; also, Lieut. John Hobby's co. ; pay roll for July 
and Aug., 1778, dated Providence ; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated Pawtuxet. 

Armstrong, John, Royalston. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Woodbury's 
CO., Col. Grout's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; resi- 
dence, Royalston ; enlisted Juh- 8, 1779 ; enlistment, 9 months ; reported marched 
to Springfield; also, Colonel's co., 12th regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged 
April 10, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Arsistrong, John, Cape Elizabeth. Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Strout's co.. Col. Enoch 
Freeman's regt. ; service, 2 days, building a fort on Falmouth Neck (Cumber- 
land Co.), under command of Col. Jonathan Mitchell, in Nov., 1775; also, 2d 
Lieutenant, Capt. Strout's co.. Col. Fogg's (Cumberland Co.) regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia ; chosen by field officers Dec. 9, 1776 ; also, Capt. Jolin Gill's (-Ith) 
CO., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1777, 
to Oct. 1, 1777 ; also. Col. Crafts's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from May 8, 1777, to Feb. 26, 1779; also, Capt. Perez Cushing's co.. Col. Crafts's 
regt.; payroll for Nov. and Dec, 1778; also, list of officers whose resignations 
were accepted by Council, Feb. 26, 1779. 

Armstrong, John. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Josepli Pride's co., Col. Nathaniel Jordan's 
(Cumlierland Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 1, 1779; discharged Oct. 23, 1779; service, 
23 days. 

Armstrong, John. Private, Capt. Parker's co.. Col. Jeduthan Baldwin's regt. of 
artificers ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 27, 1777, to Nov. 
1, 1779; reported discharged Nov. 1, 1779. 

Armstrong, John, Boston. Private, Capt. Daniel Lane's co.. Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser\ice from Jan. 6, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779. 

Armstrong, John, Boston. Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; list of deserters 
dated West Point, Aug. 18, 1782 ; deserted in 1777. 

Armstrong, John. Private, Capt. Charles Parsons's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt.; muster roll for Jan. -March, 1781, dated West Point; 
reported transferred to light infantry co. Jan. 1, 1781; also, Capt. Leonard 
Bleeker's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's regt. ; muster rolls for 
Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war. 

Armstrong, John, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 60 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Boston; arrived at Springfield Aug. 3, 
1780; marched to camp Aug. 5, 1780, under command of Capt. Samuel Carr; 
reported infirm, stitf in liis joints, and discharged by Gen. Glover; also, descrip- 
tive list of enlisted men dated June, 1780 ; Capt. Cooke's co.. Col. Edward Proc- 



IX THE WAK OF THE REVOLUTION. 295 



Akmstrong, John, contimted. 

ter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 60 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, brown; res- 
idence, Boston; enlistment, 6 months; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army, agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; enlisted March 3, 1781. 

Armstrong, John. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; service, 27 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 8, 
1781, for 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Armstrong, John. Captain, Col. Gill's regt.; service, 27 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 8, 1781, for 40 days expedition 
to Rhode Island. 

Armstrong, John. List of men returned by Lieut. Col. John Popkin, A. G., as having 
deserted from Boston after Ijeing mustered; mustered Sept. 13, 1782, to the credit 
of Dedham; deserted Sept. 25, 1782. 

Armstrong, Joseph, Andover (West Parish). Return of men raised agreeable to 
resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted March 7, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, 
Capt. Zebnlon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; muster rolls for 
June, July and Aug., 1781 ; reported on command at West Point; also, muster 
roll for Sejit., 1781 ; enlisted March 30, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, dated York Hutts; reported deserted Oct. 21, 1781, at Continental Village; 
also, list of deserters dated West Point, Aug. 18, 1782 ; age, 35 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, brown; occupation, farrier; residence, Andover; 
deserted Oct. 21, 1781, at Peekskill. 

Armstrong, Richard. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's 
regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Squantum ; also, 
10th CO., Plymouth Co. regt. ; service, 10 days at Squantum, 15 days on an alarm 
at Bedford [year not given] . 

Armstrong, Samuel. Capt. Abner Cranson's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; receipts 
for wages for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill ; also, receipt for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Armstrong, Samuel. Adjutant, Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 9 
mos. as Ensign, 8 mos. as Lieutenant, 19 mos. as Adjutant; also, Ensign; return 
dated Boston, April 27, 1778 ; also, return dated Boston, Nov. 20, 1778 ; also, Capt. 
John Burnam's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; return dated April 9, 1779; also. 
Lieutenant ; list of officers dated West Point, Nov. 8, 1779 ; also. Lieutenant and 
Paymaster, Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Armstrong, Simon, Halifax. Private, Capt. Gould's co.. Col. Sargent's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported deserted. 

Armstrong, Thomas, Narraguagus. Corporal, Capt. Francis Shaw, Jr. 's co.; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1775 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 4 mos. 3 days ; company stationed 
at Gouldsborough, No. 4, Narraguagus and Pleasant River. 

Armstrong, Thomas. Private, Capt. Reuben Dyar's co., commanded by Lieut. AVil- 
liam Nickles, Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt.; marched to Machias 
Sept. 27, 1777, and there did duty while the British ships were in the harbor; 
discharged Oct. 5, 1777; service, 8 days; also, Lieut. John Bohannan's co., Col. 
Foster's regt.; enlisted Dec. 17, 1778; discharged Dec. 19, 1778; service, 3 days; 
companj- called out by Lieut. Col. Campbell in defence of State stores on board 
the " Merrysheet," from Boston, bound for garrison at Machias. Roll dated Nar- 
raguagus. 



296 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ahjistroxg, Timothy. Private, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Stearns's rcfrt. of 
guards ; enlisted March 27, 1778 ; discharired July 29, 1778 ; service, 3 inos. 6 days, 
guarding troops of convention at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 
1778. 

Armstooxg, Timothy, Brookfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; 
age, 20 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Brookfield ; arrived 
at Springfield July 5, 1780; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under conmiand of 
Lieut. Taylor of 2d Mass. Line. 

Armsthono, Timothy, Iloyalston. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 2"), 1780; also, paj- roll for 6 months men raised Ijy the town of 
Royalston for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 30, 
1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780 ; service, o mos. 27 days; «/.5o, Capt. Abel Holden's 
(Light Infantry) co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; pay abstract for July, 
1780; enlisted July 5, 1780; ctlso, paj' roll for service from Aug. 1, 1780, to Dec. 

17, 1780, 4 mos. 17 days. 

Armstrong, William. Private, Capt. John Barrows's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's 
regt. of guards; enlisted April 14, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
21 days, at and about Boston. 

Armstrong, William. I'rivate, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt. of guards; enlisted Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
13 days, at and about Boston ; enlistment, 6 months ; also, muster roll dated 
Boston, Aug. 14, 1778; reported sick in hospital. 

Armstrong, William, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's (1st) co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177S, to Marshfield; service, 2 days; 
also, Capt. Levi Rounsevel's co., Col. David Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1773 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return 
dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Rounsevel's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(late D. Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775 ; also, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., Lieut. Col. 
Samuel Pierce's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted May 25, 1779; discharged July 5, 
1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Little 
Compton; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. in 1779; age, 
48 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Middleljorough ; de- 
livered to Ensign T. Clark ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; 
age, 48 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Middleborough; 
arrived at Springfield July 27, 1780; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under com- 
mand of Capt. Storer; r/Aso, list of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned l>y Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Middleliorough for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 

18, 1780; discharged Dec. 3, 1780; service, 4 mos. 27 days; rank, Private. 

Armstrong, Williaji. Petition dated Boston, Sept. 28, 1780, asking that said Arm- 
strong be a])pointed commander of brigantine " Porga " (privateer) ; commis- 
sioned Sept. 28, 1780; also, petition dated Boston, April 30, 1781, signed by 
Robert Hooper, in behalf of Tristram Dalton of New])uryport, asking that said 
Armstrong be appointed commander of brigantine "Little Porga" (privateer); 
commissioned April 30, 1781. 

Arnald, David, New Providence. Private, Capt. Barns's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; 
company return dated Sept. 28, 1775. 

Arnald, JosKi'H, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 



Y 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 297 

Arnet, Thomas, Pembroke. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Abrani Washburn's cc, 3cl Plj-mouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; resi- 
dence, Pemljroke (also jriven Boston); enlisted for town of Bridgewater; joined 
Capt. Stetson's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 
Capt. Isaiah Stetson's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; return of men in ser- 
vice on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated April 2, 1779; enlisted Dec. 13, 177G ; joined 
Dec. 19, 1776; reported deserted. 

Aiixo, John, Georgetown (also given Winslow and Gorham). Private, Capt. James 
Lemoiit's co. ; CTilisted July 18, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 
26 days; stationed at Georgetown; also, Capt. Josiah Jenkins's co.. Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; -pay abstract for subsistence money from Feb. 1, 1777, dated 
Boston, March 19, 1777 ; also, muster return dated Camp near Valley Forge, Jan. 
23, 1778; also, Capt. Sewall's co., Lieut. Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Arnoeld, Joseph. Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 27, 1775. 

Arnol, Jonathan, Sandisfield. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. ])}• Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master, dated June 5, 1778 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Arnol, Joseph, Braintree. Private, Capt. Wild's co., Col. Heath's (36th) regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 6, 1775 ; enlisted June 3, 1775. 

Arnold, . [This name also appears under the form of Arnald, Arnoeld, Arnol, 

Arnoll.] 

Arnold, . Ensign; list of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Sept. 12,1776; service in Col. Patterson's regt. ; reported 
deserted. 

Arnold, Aaron. Seaman, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson; 
engaged Feb. 18, 1782; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 3 mos. 13 days. 

Arnold, Alexander, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Carpenter's co., Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt., Gen. John Fellows's brigade; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos., at 
White Plains and New York ; also, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 13, 1776; discharged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 11 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; stationed at Bristol, R. I.; also, Capt. Peck's co., Col. George 
W^illiams's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 
1 day, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched on a secret expedition under Maj. 
Gen. Spencer; stationed at Tiverton, R. I.; also, Capt. Peck's co.. Col. Carpen- 
ter's regt.; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Arnold, Alford, Uxbridge (also given Smithfield). Drummer, Capt. William 
Wyman's co., Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 days; also, company return [probal)ly 
Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 
16, 1775. 

Arnold, Andrew. I'rivate, Capt. Thomas Rice's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt.; 
service, 13 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Arnold, Benedict. Colonel; order for wages due crew of the sloop "Enterprise," 
dated New Haven, July 24, 1775; wages payable to Capt. John Sloan; also, list 
of field officers of the Continental Army in 1776. 

Arnold, Benjamin, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Samuel Bradford's co.. Col. Warren's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 



298 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

ARNOLn, BiLDAD, Duxburv. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Bradford's co., Col. "Warren's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Captain, 2d 
CO., 1st Plymouth Co. re-rt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 
6, 1776; also, Col. Thomas Lothrop's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; service, 15 days, at 
Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776. 

Arnold, Bri.ster. Private, Capt. John Holden's (2d) co., Col. Christopher Greene's 
(1st Rhode Island) resrt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated Camp at East Green- 
wich ; enlistment, during war. 

Arnold, Charles. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 

Arnold, Charles. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Millard's co., Col. 
John Waterman's regt. ; pay roll for 8 days service, between Dec. 4, 1776, and 
Jan. 9. 1777. 

Arnold, Danikl, Braintree (North Parish). 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s 
CO., Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of Ajjril 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days; company reported to have also assembled April 29, 1775; also, 
Captain, 1st co., 5th Suffolk Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned July 17, 1777 ; also, petition dated May 4, 1778, asking for a discharge from 
his commission as captain ; allowed by Council, May 6, 1778. 

Arnold, David, Norton. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Morey's co.. Col. John Dag- 
gett's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Arnold, David, New Providence (Cheshire). Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Kuggles Woodbridge's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 30, 
1775; also. Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 16 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Oct. 23, 1775. 

Arnold, David. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 

Arnold, David. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on an 
alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick ; also. Private, Capt. Millard's co.. Col. John 
Waterman's regt.; service, 20 days, l)etween Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777; also, 
receipt for wages for service from Jan. 9 to Fel). 8, 1777, dated Warwick. 

Arnold, David. 1st Lieutenant, schooner "Lee" (privateer), commanded by Capt. 
John Hyer; petition signed l).v Paul D. Sargent and others, dated Boston, April 
1, 1778, asking that said Hyer l)e commissioned as commander of the " Lee." 

Arnold, David. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Lieut. Col. Edward Symmes's 
detachment of guards; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; discharged April 2G, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 

Arnold, David. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. ; enlisted Jan. 9, 1778; discharged 
July 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 22 days; company detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties to guard stores and magazines at Brookfield and 
Springfield. 

Arnold, David. Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded l)y Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
8 days. 

Arnold, David. Private, Capt. Aljner Crane's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; en- 
listed Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days; marched to 
Claverack. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 299 

AuxoLn, David, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Capt. Edmund Billings's co.. 
Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; enlisted June 13, 1776; service, 3 days, in driving 
British ships out of Boston harbor; also, Capt. Newconib's (Indeixjndent) co. ; 
return of men in service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 21 yrs. ; mustered by 
Nathaniel Souther, Muster Master; also, Capt. Caleb Champney's co. ; detach- 
ment of guards in and about Boston, under Maj. Gen. Gates; enlisted Fel). 23, 
1779; discharged May 22, 1779; also, Capt. Champney's co., Maj. Nathaniel 
Heath's detachment of guards in and about Boston; enlisted June 9, 1780; dis- 
charged July 24, 1780; service, 1 mo. 16 days; also, return of men who enlisted 
for 3 and 6 months service, dated Boston, Aug. 8, 1780. 

Arnold, David, Norton. Private, Capt. George Makepeace's co.. Col. John Dagget's 
regt. ; service, 2i3 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; also, Capt. 
Seth Smith's co., Col. Isaac Dean's (4th Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; 
discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Arnold, David, Braintree. List of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted April 5, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Arnold, Edw.\rd, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wadsworth's co., Col. James 
Warren's (2d) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
3 days. 

Arnold, Edavard. Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., Col. John Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1776; discharged Nov. 20, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Arnold, Elisha, East Hoosac. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Symonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 28, 1780; 
service, 2 days, on an alarm at the Northward by order of Gen. Fellows; also, 
Capt. Stratton's co., Col. Simonds's regt.; return of men drafted from Berkshire 
Co. militia who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; reported failed to join 
regiment. 

Arnold, Epaphras. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Sept. 1, 1778, to July 1, 1779 ; also, Capt. 
Adam Wheeler's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; return of men in service on or before 
Aug. 15, 1777, dated Soldiers' Fortune, Feb. 15, 1779; also. Colonel's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1779, dated Camp Highlands ; reported dis- 
charged July 1, 1779. 

Arnold, Fonegist. Master; list of prisoners sent to Boston in the cartel '• Swift" 
from Halifax, Sept. 30, 1778. 

Arnold, George. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's co.. Col. Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 9 days, between April 6 and April 20, 1777. 

Arnold, Gideon. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777. 

Arnold, Henry. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 12 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Arnold, Isaac. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt.; 
service, 12 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777 ; reported absent without 
leave. 

Arnold, Isaac, East Hoosac. Capt. Stratton's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
return of men drafted from Berkshire Co. militia who marched to Horse Neck 
[year not given] ; reported failed to join regiment. 

Arnold, Israel. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 



300 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Arnold, Jabez. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers acting as boatmen ; enlisted Aug. 
8, 1778 ; service, 20 days. 

Aenold, Jauez, Hancock. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 2o, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 montlis men raised by the town of Han- 
cock for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 5, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 6 days. 

Arnold, James. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on an 
alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated "Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Millard's co., Col. 
John "Waterman's regt. ; service, 5 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777. 

Arnold, James. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; en- 
listed July 26, 1778 ; discharged Aug. 16, 1778 ; service, 22 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Arnold, James. Private, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
July 26, 1780; discliarged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Arnold, John, Boston. Sergeant, Capt. Theodore Bliss's co., Col. John Paterson's 
(26th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
6 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bountj- coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 20, 1775. 

Arnold, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt.; ser- 
vice, 16 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Arnold, John, Sandisfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7 (also given 
May 31 and June 9), 177S; Capt. Wolcutt's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; age, 25 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; residence, Sandisfield. 

Arnold, John, Norton. Private, Capt. John Allen's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 
6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Arnold, John, Rhode Island. Sailor, lirigantine " Salem," commanded by Capt. 
Nehemiah Andrews; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 29, 1780; 
age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark; residence, Rhode Island. 

Arnold, Jonathan, Braintree. Private, Capt. John Vinton's (Independent) co. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Jan., 1776; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 8 mos. 18 days. 

Arnold, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawen's co.. Col. "William Mcintosh's 
regt. of guards; enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged April 7, 1778; service, 
13 daj'S, at Roxl)ury. 

Arnold, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. ; enlistment, 
3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army, and stationed partly at 
AVest Point and partly at Rhode Island. 

Arnold, Jonathan. Private, Capt. "William "White's co., (late Col. Brown's) Berk- 
shire Co. regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
10 days, at Stone Arabia, N. Y. ; also, receipt for bounty dated Hancock, Aug. 4, 
1780; also, Capt. Thompson J. Skinner's co.. Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 10, 1781; service, 10 days, on an 
alarm at the Westward, by order of Gen. Stark. 

Arnold, Joseph, Braintree. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Benjamin Lincoln's 
regt., which assembled on the alarm of Ai)ril 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 301 

Arnold, Joseph. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
service, 31 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777 ; reported son of Thomas 
Arnold ; also, receipt for wages from Jan. 9 to Feb. 8, 1777, dated Warwick ; also, 
pay roll for 10 days service, between April 6 and April 20, 1777. 

Akxold, Joseph. 3d (also given 2d) Lieutenant, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Jon- 
athan Reed's (Middlesex Co.) regt. of guards; pay roll for service froni April 1, 
1778, to July 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days ; enlisted March 25, 1778 ; enlistment, 
3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Arnold, Joseph. Captain-Lieutenant, Capt. John T. Dexter's (4th) co., Col. Chris- 
topher Greene's ( 1st Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East 
Greenwich; enlisted June 1, 1778. 

Arnold, Joseph, Marlborough. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Morse's (8th) co.. Col. 
Ezekiel How's (4th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; com- 
missioned July 5, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant, 8th co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's (4th 
Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 4, 1780. 

Arnold, Joseph, Braintree. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; residence, Braintree; arrived at Spring- 
field July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. 
Jackson of the artillery ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Braintree for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 4, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 10, 1780; service, 5 mos. 18 days. 

Arnold, Joseph. Armorer, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. James Nevins; en- 
gaged April 2, 1781 ; discharged June 12, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days. 

Arnold, Joseph, Jr. Capt. Squire Millard's co.; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, 
on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 

Arnold, Josiah, West Stockbridge. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Williams's co., Col. 
John Paterson's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 25 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Increase Hewins's (18th) co., 2d Berkshire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned May 3 (also given June 1), 1776; also, Capt. Amos Rath- 
burn's (2d) CO., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated 
Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; enlistment to expire March 
15, 1777; also, return of men reinforcing Continental Army, dated May 1, 1777; 
company detached from Berkshire Co. militia, under Brig. Gen. John Fellows. 

Arnold, Josiah. 1st Lieutenant, brigantine "Eagle" (privateer), commanded Ijy 
Capt. Elijah Luce ; petition dated March 11, 1778, signed by John Hinkley, asking 
that said Luce be commissioned as commander of the " Eagle." 

Arnold, Moses, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Vose's co.. Col. Robertson's regt.; 
service, 15 days; marched to Roxbury after the Concord fight, and there did duty 
before formation of standing army; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Badcock's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Arnold, Moses, Braintree. Corporal, Capt. John Vinton's (Independent) co. ; muster 
roll dated Jan. 1, 1776; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 8 mos. 18 days; a/so, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Braintree, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Arnold, Moses. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day. on an 
alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated AVarwick. 

Arnold, Moses. Marine, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged March 2, 1779 [service not given] . 

Arnold, Nahum. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, ou 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 



302 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Arnold, Nath. Seaman, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. J. P. Rathburn; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the " Loyalty " and " Wreck " [year not 
given] . 

Arnold, Nathan. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Millard's co.. Col. 
John Waterman's regt. ; service, 31 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777. 

Arnold. Nathan, Adams. Private, Capt. Levi Brown's co., Col. Asa Barns's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 30, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 9 days ; 
marched on an alarm to join Gen. Stark at Saratoga. 

Arnold, Nathaniel. Capt. Squire Millard's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; receipt 
for wages for service, 1 day, on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also, 
receipt for wages for service from Jan. 9 to Feb. 8, 1777 ; reported son of Thomas 
Arnold. 

Arnold. Nathaniel, Braintree (North Parish). Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s co.. 
Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days; reported also assembled April 29, 177.'i; also, Capt. Seth Turner's 
(Independent) co. ; enlisted May 12, 1775; service, 8 mos. 9 days; enlistment, 8 
months ; aha. Corporal ; pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1776, to May 22, 1776,4 
mos. 21 days ; stationed at Braintree ; also, Private, Capt. Turner's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt.; enlisted May 23, 1776; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1776; service. 5 
mos. 9 days; also, pay roll for 2 mos. service at Hull, from Oct. 1, 1776, to Jan. 
1, 1777. 

Arnold, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos.; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army and stationed 
partly at West Point and parti}' at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Newcomb's co., 
Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 2, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 5, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. 14 days, at Peekskill, N. Y. 

Arnold, Nathaniel, Jr. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 
day, on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Millard's 
CO., Col. John Waterman's regt.; service, 33 days, from Dec. 4, 1776, to Jan. 
9, 1777. 

Arnold, Nicholas. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, 
on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick. 

Arnold, Nicholas. Corporal, Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for ser- 
vice, 1 day, on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick ; also, Capt. Millard's co.. 
Col. John Waterman's regt. ; service, 30 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 
9, 1777. 

Arnold, Noyes, Berwick. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Melvill's (2d) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 15, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; 
reported appointed 2d Lieutenant Dec. 1, 1776; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John 
Gill's (6th) CO., Col. Crafts's regt.; commissioned March 3, 1777; also, paj- roll 
for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1777; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Jotham 
Drury's co., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; muster rolls for Sept.-Dec, 1777 ; 
reported on command at Fort Mifflin in Oct., on command at Jersey in Nov., 
absent without permission in Dec, 1777. 

Arnold, Peter, Boston. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1781. 

Arnold, Reihen, Ludlow. Private, Sergt. Israel Warriner's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11<J days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 303 



Aknold, Rhodes, Rhode Island. 1st Lieutenant, ship " Deane," commanded by Capt. 
Elisha Hinman; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov., 1780; 
age, 46 yrs. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Rhode Island. 

Arnold, Rohert, Pepperellborough. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Hill's co.. Col. Scam- 
mon's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 12 
weeks 6 days. 

Arnold, Robert, Boxford (also given Byfield). Private, Capt. Richard Peabody's 
CO., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from 
Ticonderoga home, in 1776. 

Arnold, Robert, Kittery. Private, Capt. Nathan Lord's co. ; enlisted March 18, 
1780; discharged^ June 18, 1780; service, 3 mos., at Camden, under Gen. Wads- 
worth; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the 
term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; ase, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Kittery; arrived at Springtield Aug. 4, 
1780 ; marched to camp Aug. 5, 1780, under command of Capt. Samuel Carr ; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Kittery for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 19, 1780; discharged Jan. 14, 1781; 
service, 6 mos. 10 days. 

Arnold, Robert, Kittery. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Nehemiah Emer- 
son's CO., 10th regt. ; age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, 
dark; residence, Kittery; enlisted Oct. 25, 1780, by Lieut. Col. Littlefield; enlist- 
ment, during war; also. Private, Capt. Emerson's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(10th) regt.; pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783; also, certifi- 
cate of service given by Col. Tupper, dated Saratoga, Nov. 11, 1781. 

Arnold, Samuel, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Samuel Cobb's co , Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 29, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 10 
days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Arnold, Samuel. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Col. Solomon LovelFs regt. ; 
marched March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 days, at the taking of Dorchester Heights ; also, 
pay roll for 4 days service subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

Arnold, Samuel. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John Waterman's regt.; 
service, 10 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Arnold, Samuel. Master, schooner "Edward;" portage bill made up for voyage 
from Boston to Virginia; engaged Dec. 16, 1776; discharged Jan. 26, 1777. 

Arnold, Samuel. Private, Capt. Aaron Graves's co., Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the 
Northward. 

Arnold, Samuel. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 3 days, at Hull, in Aug., 1777. 

Arnold, Sajiuel. Private, Capt. Jabez Cottle's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 7, 1778; service, 2 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth ; also, Capt. Barnabas Doty's co., Col. Sprout's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 
1778 ; discharged Sept. 11, 1778 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth ; also, 
Capt. Doty's co., Lieut. Col. White's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 30, 
1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
also, Capt. Luke Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Putnam's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 18 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 



304 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAPORS 



Arnold, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. John Bacon's co., Col. David Rosseter's regt.. Gen. 
John Fellows's briijade; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 20, 1781 ; service, 
11 davs; company reinforced Gen. Stark at Stillwater; also, Capt. Bacon's co., 
Col. Caleb Hyde's regt.. Gen. Rosseter's brigade; enlisted Oct. 20, 1781; dis- 
charged Oct. 28, 1781 ; service, 9 days, at Stillwater. 

Arnold, Shvuael. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 nio. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 moiitlis ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Arnold, Simon, Boston. Mariner, schooner "Resolution," commanded by Capt. 
Samnel Trask; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 11, 1780; age, 
23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; complexion, dark; residence, Boston. 

Arnold, Sion. Sailmaker, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul Jones; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and l)rig " Active " [year 
not given]. 

Arnold, Stephkn. Private, Capt. Timothy Stow's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's 
regt. ; pay abstract for service at Ticonderoga, in 1776. 

Arnold, Thomas. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for senice, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated AVarwick ; also, Private. Capt. Millard's co., 
Col. John Waterman's regt. ; ser\-ice, 35 days, from Dec. 4, 1776, to Jan. 9, 1777 ; 
reported son of William Arnold. 

Arnold, Tho.mas. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 6 
days; marched to reinforce army at Bennington; also, Lieut. Daniel Brown's co.. 
Col. Simonds's regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 
5 daj's. Roll dated Hancock, 

Arnold, Thomas. Captain, Col. Christopher Greene's (1st Rhode Island) regt. ; muster 
roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich ; reported disabled. 

Arnold, Thomas. Mariner, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Tliomas ; 
engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

Arnold, Thomas, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
enlisted Maj' 4, 1777; discharged July 4, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 days, at Provi- 
dence, R. I. ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; enlisted Nov. 10, 1777; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; stationed at Winter 
Hill; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; regiment 
detached from militia of Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under 
Gen. Washington ; also, Capt. John Robinson's co., Col. William Turner's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 4 mos. 2.5 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, ."> months. 

Arnold, Thomas, Jr. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, 
on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Millard's co.. 
Col. John Waterman's regt.; service, 24 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 
1777; also, receipt for wages for service from Jan. 9 to Eel). 8, 1777, dated War- 
wick ; also, pay roll for 12 days wages between April 6 and April 20, 1777 ; reported 
son of Thomas Arnold. 

Arnold, Timothy. Private, Capt. Asa Stower's co.. Col. John Bro«-n's regt.; enlisted 
June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 26 days; marched to .Saratoga; 
also, pay roll for 8 days service at Stillwater, from Sept. 21 to Sept. 29, 1777. 

Arnold, Timothy. Private, Capt. Zebulon Norten's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 23 
days, at the Northward. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 305 



AitxoLU, Timothy. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Merry's co., Col. Hyde's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 30, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 5, 1781 ; service, 7 days, at the Westward under 
Maj. Oliver Root. 

AiixoLU, "William, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wadsworth's co.. Col. James 
"Warren's (2d) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 
days; also, Lieut. Nathan Samson's ('2d) co., Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt.; en- 
listed Dec. 10, 1776 ; service, 13 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to 
Bristol, R. I. 

Arnold, "William, Braintree. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) co. ; en- 
listed Jan. 29, 1776; service, 2 mos. 1 day; company stationed at Braintree from 
Jan. 1 to May 2^ 1776; also, Capt. Newcomb's (Independent) co. ; return of men 
in service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 32 yrs. 

Akxold, "William. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1777, for 
expedition to Nova Scotia ; service, 24 days. 

AuNOLD, William. Private, Capt. Israel Hix's co., Col. Josiah AVhitney's (Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 30, 1778 ; discharged Sept. ID, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 13 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Akxold, William, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 8 days, on the 
alarm of Aug. 1, 1780, at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Arnold, William. Corporal, Capt. Jabez Barney's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months. 

Arnold, William, 3J. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 
day, on an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick; also. Private, Capt. Millard's 
CO., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; service, 18 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 
9, 1777. 

Arxoll, Robert, Pepperellborough. Private, Capt. Hill's co.. Col. Scammon's regt. ; 
company return dated Sept. 27, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775. 

Arontox, John. Corporal; list of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel 
Hutchinson of the 27th regt., dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776; reported taken pris- 
oner at Fort Washington ; served in Capt. Richardson's co. 

Arrill, David. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 18, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Arrixgtox, . [This name also appears under the form of Aronton, Arrinton.] 

Arrixgtox, David, Salem. Private, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Hutchinson's regt. ; 
return of men in service in 1776 ; enlistment, 12 months ; reported deserted. 

Arrixtox, David. Capt. Addison Richardson's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; order 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 14, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 14, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 daj-s; also, company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's 
(19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, 
Oct. 27, 1775. 

Arrintox, James, Salem. Capt. Addison Richardson's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 14, 1775 ; also, Corporal ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 20 days. 

Arrixtox, James. Prize Master, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk; engaged July 31, 1777; discharged Oct. 16, 1777; service, 2 mos. 
17 davs. Roll dated Boston. 



306 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Arhintox, John, Salem. Capt. Addison Richardson's co., Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 177o; enlisted May 14, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; a/so, company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's 
(19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, 
Oct. 27, 1775. 

Arhox, Joseph, Chesterfield. Private (also given Drummer), Capt. Isaiah Stetson's 
(8th) CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from April 26, 1777, to Sept. 4, 1777; reported deserted Sept. 4, 1777. 

Arhowsmit}!, Edmoxd. Lieutenant of marines, sloop "Providence;" list of men 
entitled to prize shares in the ship "Alexander," captured Sept. 20, 1777; also, 
Captain of marines, siiip " Alfred," commanded by Capt. Jolin Paul Jones ; list 
of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig "Active" [year 
not given] . 

Arrt, John, Harwich. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 
4ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; residence, Harwich; arrived at Springfield July 
19, 1780 ; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of Capt. Clark. 

Arscall, Daniel. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent from Halifax to Boston in the 
cartel "Swift," Nov. 9, 1777. 

Arseltine, Samuel. Receipt for bounty paid him l)y Class No. 3 of the town of 
Andover, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Frye- 
burg, April 15, 1782. 

Arsher, Joseph, Sandwich. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Bradford's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 20, 1780; 
reported died Jan. 20, 1780. 

Arshur, Joseph, Sandwich. Private (also given Corporal), Capt. Wadsworth's (2d) 
CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from March 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster return dated Valley Forge, 
Jan. 28, 1778. 

ARSKiNs, John, Newburyport. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
2d Essex Co. regt., dated Essex, Feb. 16, 1778; joined Capt. Moses Greenleaf's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Arston, William. Private, Capt. Simeon Cot)b's co., under command of Capt. Samuel 
Fisher, 3d regt.. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; enlisted Aug. 14, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company detached for 4 weeks service. 

Arter, JosEi'H, Truro. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Aaron Willard's 
regt. ; return of men for mileage from Ticonderoga to Truro, dated Boston, Jan., 
1777. 

Abthalony, Thomas. Seaman, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded bj' Capt. George 
Little ; engaged Nov. 26, 1782 ; discharged March 17, 1783 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days. 

Arther, Michael. Private, Capt. Timothy Remick's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781 ; enlisted April 7, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Artherlt, Thomas, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wright's co., Col. Luke 
Drury's regt.; marched Aug. 9, 1781 ; arrived at camp Aug. 22, 1781 ; discharged 
Nov. 22, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 20 days, at West Point. Roll sworn to in Worces- 
ter Co. 

Artherton, Amos. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Feb. 1, 1778; dis- 
charged Feb. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 



EN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 307 

Akthertox, Caleb. Private, Capt. Moses Adams's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 10, 1777; roll made tip to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 23 
days, at Cambridge; also, Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; 
muster roll for Nov., 1777 ; also, Capt. Adams's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; pay roll 
for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 

Abthertox, Ekenezer. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Sept. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 1 day; company 
marched to reinforce Northern arm.v. 

Arthertox, Joel. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts, New Boston ; enlisted April 3, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, 3d (also given 8th) co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; muster 
rolls for March and May, 1782. 

Arthertox, Johx. Sergeant, Capt. Elias Pratt's co. ; enlisted April 9, 1779 ; roll made 
up to July 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 22 days, with guards at Rutland. 

Arthertox, Johx, Harvard. Private, Capt. Thomas Fish's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1779, to Dec. 25, 1779, 29 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Arthertox, Johx. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts, New Boston; enlisted March 6, 
1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, 3d (also given 8th) co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; 
muster rolls for March and May, 1782. 

Arthertox, Lemi-el, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Knap's co.. Col. Read's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775. 

Arthertox, Matthew, Bolton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wright's co.. Col. Luke 
Drury's regt. ; marched Sept. 18, 1781 ; arrived at camp Sept. 27, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 6, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 29 days, at West Point. Roll sworn to in 
Worcester Co. 

Arthertox, Sajiuel, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Fran- 
cis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance sworn to in Suffolk Co., Nov. 29, 
1776. 

Arthertox, Samuel, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jacob Ide's co.. Col. Daggett's 
regt. ; service, 6 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Arthertox, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Abraham Watson's co., Col. John Greaton's 
(3d) regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts, New Boston; enlisted March 
6, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Arthol, Johx. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Feb. 17, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 18 days ; reported captured Ma}' 5, 1781. 

Arthur, . [This name also appears under the form of Arter. Arther, Authur.] 

Arthur, Henry. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Arthur, Joseph, Truro. Private, Capt. John Chadwick's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; 
muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778; mustered by Joseph Otis; enlisted from 
Doane's (2d Barnstable Co.) regt. ; reported deserted Feb. 13 [year not given] . 

Arthurtox, Johx, Dorchester. Corporal, Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. Patter- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 14 days. 

Articles, James, Medfield. Capt. Chenery's co. ; list of men who enlisted April 19, 
1775, for 8 months ; also. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's co., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; 
marched April 22, 1777; discharged May 10, 1777; service, 20 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 



308 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Akticules, Jasies, Medfield. List of men drafted to march to Providence, R. I., 
agreeable to a warrant issued by Col. Hawes, Feb. 4, 1777 ; marched April 22, 
1777; retui-ned June 12, 1777; reported hired by Henry Hardinj? to serve in his 
place; also, list of men drafted to serve 2 months in Rhode Island, agreeable to a 
warrant issued by Col. Wheelock, dated April 27, 1777 ; reported hired by Nathan 
CoUidge to serve in his place. 

Arvin, Joseph, Northampton. Private, Capt. Jonathan Allen's co., Gen. Pomeroy's 
regt. ; marched April 20, 177"), in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
8 days; reported enlisted into the army Ajjril 27, 177"); also, Capt. Allen's co., 
Col. John Fellows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177") ; enlisted April 27, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1 week, 4 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 
1775. 

Arvin, "William. Private, Capt. Abijah Rowlee's co. ; pay roll dated July 6, 1775. 

Akvix, "William. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co.. Col. Varnum's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 
9, 1776 [service not given] . 

Arwixe, William, Salem. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Jan. 1, 1780; service, 5 mos. 16 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Art, JosHiA, Harwich. Pay roll for months men raised by the town of Harwich 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 8, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 8, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 15 days. [See John Aray.] 

Ary, Nathaniel, Athol. Private, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted May 15, 177(3 ; service, 2 mos. 17 days ; also, pay abstract for travel 
allowance, etc., dated Camp at Hull, June 18, 1776. 

Arts, Jacok. Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775. 

AsBON, Matthew. Private, Capt. We1)b's co.. Col. Sheppard's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

AsBORNE, Isaac. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1777; discharged 
July 8, 1777; service, 7 days, guarding pul)lic stores at Si)ringtield, by order of 
Brig. Danielson. 

AsBORNE, Isaac, Jr. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1777; dis- 
charged July 8, 1777; service, 7 days, guarding public stores at Springfield, by 
order of Brig. Danielson. 

Asdell, Daxiel, Grafton. Pi-ivate, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Grafton to Dorchester Heights [probably in 
Sept., 1776]. 

AsEL [?], Asa. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Asermax, Patrick. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. George 
Rogers's (3d North Yarmouth) co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchel's regt., dated Dec. 6, 
1777. 

AsGooi), Aaron. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt.; en- 
listed July 26, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 21 days, guarding 
stores at Springfield and Brookfield ; company detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire Co. 

Ash, . [This name also appears under the form of Aish.] 

Ash, Alhax. Seaman, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George Little; 
list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Dec. 17, 1782; service from May 25, 1782, 
to Nov. 25, 1782, 6 mos. 



IN THE WAR OF THE llEVOLUTIOX. 300 

Ash, Beni. Private, Capt. Eleazer Crabtree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 1775 ; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 days, at Frenchman's Bay. 

Ash, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Thomas Wills's co.. Col. Daniel Morgan's (Uth and 
15th) regt. ; pay abstract for Oct., 1778 ; roll endorsed, " 11th Virginia regt." 

Ash, Benjamin. Private, Artillery co.. Col. John Allan's regt.; enlisted June 13, 
1778; discharged Dec. 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 17 days, at Machias; also, Capt. 
John Hall's CO., Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt.; return of men in 
service from Aug. 7 to Sept. 7, 1779; marched on expedition to Majorbagaduce 
by order of Gen. Lovel. Roll dated Boston. 

Ash, Benjajiin, Gouldsborough. Corporal, Capt. Henry Dyer's co. of rangers. Col. 
John Allan's regt.; enlisted March 23, 1780; discharged May 1, 1780; service, 
1 mo. 8 days, in Eastern department; also, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co., Col. 
Benjamin Foster's (6th Lincoln Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 24, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 7, 1780; service, 1 mo. 14 days; company ordered out by Col. John Allan 
to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's Bay. 

Ash, Gilbert. Petition dated Boston, July 12, 1780, signed by Isaac Sears and others, 
asking that said Ash be commissioned as commander of ship "St. Tamany" 
(privateer) ; granted in Council, July 25, 1780. 

Ash, Henry, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. George Williams's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 
32 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched on a secret expedition. 

Ash, Henry, Taunton. Cook, brig " Adventure," commanded by Capt. James Morris ; 
descriptive list of officers and ci'ew, dated Sept. 26, 1780 ; age, 62 yrs. ; complexion, 
dark; hair, black; residence, Taunton. 

Ash, James. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel" from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Ash, Phineas, Newton. Capt. Isaac Sherman's co., Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt.; re- 
ceipt for wages dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, Capt. Sherman's (4th) 
CO., Col. Gerrish's (later Loammi Baldwin's) 38th regt. ; company return dated 
Sewall's Point, Sept. 26, 1775; also, pay abstracts for Aug. and Sept., 1775, 
dated Sewall's Point; also, pay abstracts for Jan., Feb. and March, 1776. 

Ash, Reuben. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
discharged Sept. 24, 1777; service, 19 days, at Machias, on three alarms. 

Ash, Robert. Private, Capt. Eleazer Cral)tree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 23, 1775 ; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 days; stationed at Frenchman's Bay. 

Ash, Samuel. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th Lin- 
coln Co.) regt. ; enlisted Nov. 1, 1780 ; discharged Nov. 25, 1780 ; service, 25 days ; 
company called out by Col. John Allan to jDrotect inhabitants of Frenchman's Baj- 

Ash, Thomas, Taunton. Private, Capt. Eleazer Crabtree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 1775; 
roll made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 days; stationed at Frenchman's 
Bay; also, Capt. Reuben Dyar's co. ; enlisted May 28, 1777; discharged July 24, 
1777; service, 1 mo. 26 days; compan}- raised between Mt. Desert and Machias 
for expedition to St. Johns; also, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Fos- 
ter's (Lincoln Co.) regt. ; discharged Sept. 23, 1777; service, 20 days, at Machias, 
on three alarms ; also, Capt. Sullivan's (Volunteer) co. ; enlisted July 28, 1779 ; 
discharged Sept. 28, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition against Majorbagaduce; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th Lincoln Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 20, 1780; discharged Dec. 20, 1780; service, 2 mos.; company 
called out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's Bay. 



310 IMASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ash, William. Purser, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged Oct. 28, 1778 [service not given]. 

Ash, William. List of men on the United States hrig "General Gates," commanded 
by Capt. John Skimmer, entitled to prize shares [year not given]. 

AsHAM, Joseph. Col. Shepard's regt. ; statement of Continental balances certified Aug. 
8, 1780 ; enlistment, during war. 

AsHBET, JoHX. Private, Capt. Abner Cranston's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776 ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776 ; reported 
sick at Boston, Aug. 7, 1776. 

AsHBURN, JoHX. Seaman, brig "Nancy ; " list of men from the guard ship " Rising 
Empire," commanded by Capt. William McCIuer, returned as willing to join 
Continental frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Hector McNeill [no particu- 
lars of service or date given] . 

AsHBi-HXHAM, JoHX. Boy, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nicholson; 
engaged April 10, 1782; roll made uj) to May 31, 1782; service, 1 mo. 21 days; 
reported Capt. Nicholson's apprentice. 

AsHBT, . [This name also appears under the form of Ashbey.] 

AsHBT, Bexjamix. Ist Lieutenant, Capt. John Morgan's (8th) co., .3d Hampshire Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 26, 1776. 

AsHBY, George. List of prisoners brought to Marl)lehead in the cartel " Pacific " to be 
exchanged for British prisoners as returned by Thomas Stone, Commissary [year 
not given] . 

AsHBT, George. Petition, signed by Edward Norris, asking that said Asliby be com- 
missioned as commander of brigantine "Cutter;" granted in Council, Nov. .3, 
1780; also, petition, signed by W. P. Bartlett, asking that said Ashby be commis- 
sioned as commander of schooner "Lively; " granted in Council, May 21, 1781. 

AsHBT, JoHX, Salem. Capt. Abner Cranson's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; receipts 
for wages for Aug. and Sept., 177"), dated Prospect Hill; also, Corporal; com- 
pany return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported on command with the 
carpenters; also, order for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect 
Hill, Nov. 13, 177'). 

AsHEL, Ephraim. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loamnii Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

AsHELET, . Lieutenant, Capt. James Nicholas's co.. Col. John Dagget's regt. ; 

return of men in service 3 mos. under Gen. Spencer; roll dated Taunton, Jan. 6, 
1778. 

Ashelet, Daxiel. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 15, 1777; service, 25 days. 

Ashell, Bartholomew (also given Barxabas). Ensign, Capt. Amasa Soper's co., 
Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; list of officers of the Mass. Line; commissioned 
Jan. 30, 1777. 

AsHELT, William, Sheffield. Sergeant, Capt. Beacon's co., Col. Fellows's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day. 

AsHER, . [This name also appears under the form of Archer, Arsher, Arshur, 

Ashur.] 

AsHER, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joshua Tobey's co. ; enlisted July 12, 1775; service, 6 
mos. 4 davs. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 



I 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION". .'Ul 

AsHER, Kexnept (also given Canada) , Rochester. Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Jaliez Cottle's (4th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. rei^t., dated 
Feb. 19, 1778 ; joined Capt. Isaac Pope's co., Col. William Shepard's (3d) regt. ; 
enlistment, during war; age, 16 yrs. ; also. Private, Capt. Pope's co.. Col. Shep- 
pard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, and March 
and April, 1779, dated Camp at Providence ; also, Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return dated Highlands, 
Feb. 24, 1780; also, return dated Hutts near West Point, Jan. 29, 1781; also, 
muster rolls for May and July, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; reported on com- 
mand at Verplanck's Point; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781; reported on com- 
mand at Verpl3nck's Point; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Camp 
Peekskill ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Jan., 1782, dated York Hutts ; also, 
muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated Cantonment, 1st Brigade, West Point. 

AsHLAT, Joseph, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Norton's co.. Col. John Hathway's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1781 ; service, 6 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

AsHLE, Joseph. Certificate of service dated Dartmouth, Feb. 11, 1779, signed by Capt. 
Amasa Soper, certifying that said Ashle joined Col. Marshall's regt.. Gen. Patter- 
son's brigade, Feb. 15, 1777. 

Ashle, Passuell (Percival). Certificate of service dated Dartmouth, Feb. 11, 1779, 
signed by Capt. Amasa Soper, certifying that said Ashle joined Col. Marshall's 
regt., Gen. Patterson's brigade, Feb. 15, 1777. 

Ashley, . [This name also appears under the form of Asheley, Ashell, Ashely, 

Ashlay, Ashle, Ashly.] 

Ashley, Abxer. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 29, 1777 ; discharged July 28, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; ordered out by Brig. 
Gen. Fellows and Committee of Safety at request of Maj. Gen. Schuyler; also, 
Capt. Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshne Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 15, 
1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days; marched by order of Brig. Gen. 
Fellows at the time Forts George and Ann were taken by the enemy. Roll sworn 
to at Sheffield. 

Ashley, Abraham, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsewell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Lieut. Nathaniel Morton's 
CO., Col. Edward Pope's regt.; marched Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 19, 1776; 
service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Joseph Norton's co.. 
Col. John Hathway's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ashley, Azariah. Sergeant, Lieut. Jabez Cornish's co., Col. John Brown's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 22, 1777 ; service, 9 days, at Bennington. 

Ashley, Azariah. Private, Capt. Asa Stower's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 26 days; marched to Saratoga; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 21 to Oct. 2, 1777, 12 days; stationed at 
Stillwater. 

Ashley, Azariah. Sergeant, Lieut. James McKnight's co.. Col. David Rossiter's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 3 days; marched 
to Bennington on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Ashley, Barxabas, Freetown. Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; list of men who 
arrived in camp from Dartmouth, Feb. 15, 1776; also, Private, Lieut. Nathaniel 
Morton's co.. Col. Edward Pope's regt. ; marched Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 
19, 1776 ; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



ol2 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILOKS 

Ashley, Barnabas. Ensign and Lieutenant, Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 24, 1778; re- 
ported resigned March 24, 1778; also, Capt. Amasa Soper's co.. Col. Marshall's 
regt. ; roll made np from date of enlistment, Dec. 3, 1770, to date of arrival at 
Bennington, Feb. 10, 1777; also, Capt. Jacob Wales's (1st) co., Col. Marshall's 
regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; reported discharged 
April, 1778. 

Ashley, Benjamin. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Morgan's (8th) co.. Col. John Mose- 
ley's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; chosen by com- 
pany April 20, 1770; also, Capt. Morgan's co.. Col. Mosely's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 21, 1776; discharged Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern army, under command of Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson of Granville; 
roll dated West Springfield ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 21, 1777, to Oct. 
17, 1777, 1 mo. 3 days; marched on an expedition to the Northward. 

Ashley, Daniel, Sheffield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Fitch's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777; 
enlisted Dec. 16, 1770; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777; also, Capt. Enoch 
Noble's CO., Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted June 29, 1777; discharged July 21, 
1777; service, 24 days; ordered out by Brig. Gen. Fellows and Committee of 
Safety at request of Maj. Gen. Schuyler; also, Cajjt. Iloswell Downing's co., Col. 
John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; service from Sept. 19, 1777, to Oct. 19, 1777, 
1 mo.; also, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days; marched to the Northward when Forts 
Ann and George were taken by the enemy, by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows; also, 
Capt. Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s regt. ; enlisted Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged 
Oct. 28, 1781; service, 10 days; marched on an alarm to Barnes's Heaths in 
Stillwater. 

Ashley, Daniel. Private, 2d co.. Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; service, 
7 days ; marched June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely, who was rescued from 
Springfield jail, and also June 10, 1782, to oppose the rioters at Northampton. 

Ashley, David, Chicopee. Private, Capt. Reuben Munn's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; return of men for travel allowance dated Roxliury, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Ashley, David. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Morgan's (Mtli) co.. Col. Moseley's (3d 
Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Sept. 18, 
1777 ; also, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777 ; 
discharged Oct. 17, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days, on an expedition to the Northward. 

Ashley, David. Private, Lieut. James Hubbard's co., Lieut. Col. David Rossiter's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 22, 1777; service, 4 days; also, 
Capt. Joel Stevens's co.. Col. Rossiter's regt.; enlisted Oct. 12, 1781; discharged 
Oct. 25, 1781 ; service, 13 days ; marched on an alarm at Saratoga. Roll dated 
Pittsfield. 

Ashley, David. Private, 2d co.. Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; service, 
7 days ; marched June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely, who was rescued from 
Springfield jail, and also June 10, 1782, to ojjposc the rioters at Northampton; 
reported as belonging to the alarm list. 

Ashley, Enoch. Private, Capt. Preser^'ed Leonard's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1779; discharged Sept. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
10 days, at New London, Conn. 

Ashley, Gillam (also given Gilham), Westfield. List of men in Col. Shepard's regt., 
entitled to State liounty from Muster Master of Suffolk Co., for enlisting for 3 j-ears 
in Continental Army, dated Council Chamber, Feb. 3, 1779; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. John Kellogg's co. ; sworn to April 5, 



IN THE WAR OF THP: REVOLUTIOX. 313 

Ashley, Gillam, continued. 

1779; joined Capt. Keep's co. (also giA-en Capt. Knapp's co.), Col. William Shep- 
ard's regt. ; enlistment, durini; war ; reported a negro ; also, list of men enlisted from 
Hampshire Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
July 17, 1778; residence, Westfield ; reported not mustered, deserted ; «/so, Private, 
Capt. Reuben Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's (3d) regt. ; muster rolls for July, 
Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; enlistment, 9 months; 
reported on command with Ur. Warrin in Oct., 1778; also, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; enlisted Jan. 7, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; a/so, descriptive list of 
men re-enlisted between Sept. 30, 1779, and Feb. 23, 1780, dated Bud's Highlands; 
age, 19 yrs. ; stature, i) ft. 3 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; residence, 
Westfield; joined Col. Shepard's regt.; also, Capt. William Moor's co.. Col. 
Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
April 1, 1780 ; reported deserted April 1, 1780 ; also, return dated Mountain Hutts, 
West Point, Jan. 23, 1780; also, list of deserters; Capt. Moore's (late Fish's) 
CO., Col. Shepard's regt.; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, negro; 
residence, Westfield; enlistment, during war; deserted April 1, 1780, at the High- 
lands; also. Private, Capt. Moore's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; muster rolls for 
Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts ; reported joined Nov. 15, 1781. 

Ashley, Israel. Surgeon, Col. John Moseley's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 27 days, in Northern depart- 
ment; also. Col. David Moseley's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted June 12, 
1782; discharged June 14, 1782; service, 3 days, at Northampton. 

Ashley, James, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Wood's (2d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days; also, Capt. John 
Barrows's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth. 

Ashley, James, Westfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Moseley's, Capt. Kellogg's and Lieut. Saits's cos.. Col. Moseley's regt., dated Oct. 
26, 1780; enlistment, 3 months; also. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John 
Brown's regt.; enlisted July 20. 1780; service, 3 mos. ; reported killed Oct. 19, 
1780. 

Ashley, Jephthah, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsevel's co., Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 4 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Rounsevell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Ashley, Johx, Chicopee (also given Springfield, 3d Parish). Private, Capt. Reuben 
Munn's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's regt. ; return of men for travel allowance dated 
Roxbury, Sept. 17, 1776; also, pay abstract for travel allowance dated Boston, 
Nov. 26, 1776. 

Ashley, John. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
21, 1777; discharged Oct. 1, 1777; service, 17 days, at the Northward. 

Ashley, Johx. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel" from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Ashley, Johx, Freetown. Private, Major's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from May 22, 1777, to Dec. 31. 1779; also, 
Capt. Amasa Soper's (4th) co.. Col. Marshall's (10th) regt.; muster roll dated 
West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; reported on command with the 
blacksmiths ; also. Major's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 10, 1780. 



314 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAH^ORS 

Ashley, John. Private, 2d co.. Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) reirt. ; service, 
7 days; marched June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely, who was rescued from 
Springtield jail, and also June 16, 1782, to oppose the rioters at Northampton. 

Ashley, John. Colonel, Berkshire Co. (South) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned 1773 and 1774. 

Ashley, John, Jr. Colonel, 1st Berkshire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned April 4, 1777; also, return of officers of 1st Berkshire Co. regt.. 
Brig. Gen. John Fellows's Imgade, dated July 5, 1779. 

Ashley, Joseph, Freetown. Private, Lieut. Nathaniel Morton's co.. Col. Edward 
Pope's regt. ; marched Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 11, 1776; ser%ice, 4 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Amasa Soper's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay roll made up from Jan. 14, 1777, to Feb. 10, 1777 ; marched to Benning- 
ton; also. Major's co.. Col. Marshall's (10th) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Soper's (4th) 
CO., Col. Marshall's regt. ; muster roll dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported on furlough Nov. 20 for 60 days. 

Ashley, Joseph. Private, 2d co.. Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; service, 
7 days ; marched June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely, who was rescued from 
Springfield jail, and also June 16, 1782, to oppose the rioters at Northampton; 
reported as belonging to alarm list. 

Ashley, Joseph, Jr., West Springfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce 
Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; 
age, 24 yrs. ; stature, u ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; residence. West Springfield; 
arrived at Springfield Aug. 4, 1780; marched to camp Aug. n, 1780, under com- 
mand of Capt. Samuel Carr ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 2.1, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
West Springfield for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched Aug. 
4, 1780 ; discharged Dee. 15, 1780 ; service, 4 mos. 17 days. 

Ashley, Justin. Private, 2d co., Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; service, 
7 days; marched June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely, who was rescued from 
Springfield jail, and also June 16, 1782, to oppose the rioters at Northampton. 

Ashley, Lemvel. Sergeant or Corporal, Capt. Daniel Haws's co., Col. Samuel H. 
Parsons's regt.; enlistment agreement, dated Roxbury Camp, Feb. 24, 1776, of 
men from AYorcester Co. who enlisted into Continental Army ; enlisted Dec. 5, 
1775. 

Ashley, Micah, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsevell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Corporal, Capt. Rounsevel's 
CO., Col. David Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; 
also, Capt. Rounsevell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Ashley, Moses. Private, Capt. Joseph Morgan's co., Col. John Moseley's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, on an 
expedition to the Northward. 

Ashley, Moses, Hartwood. Lieutenant, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Paterson's regt., 
which marched April 23, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
Becket to Cambridge; service, 13 days; also, list of men returned as having 
served on picket guard May 11, 1775, under Maj. Loammi Baldwin; also, Capt. 
Thomas Williams's co.. Col. Paterson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; commissioned Ensign, May 27, 
1775; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also. Captain, 1st regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. Line ; commissioned Nov. 5, 1775, and confirmed by Congress, 
Sept. 6, 1779; also. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; Continental Army pay 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 315 

Ashley, Moses, continued. 

accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. .31, 1779; also, muster roll dated 
July 1, 1777; enlisted Nov. 1.3, 1776; commissioned Jan. 1, 1777; reported sick 
and at)sent; also, muster roll dated Camp near A'allej' Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; also, 
return of officers for clothing dated Boston, May 2.5, 1778; also, pay abstracts for 
Sept. and Nov., 1778, and Jan., Feb , March and April, 1779, dated Providence; 
also, return of men in service on or before Aug. 16, 1777, dated April 1.5, 1779; 
marched to Peekskill; also. Major, 5th regt. ; list of officers of Mass. Line; com- 
missioned July 28, 1780; also. Major, Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported 
Brigade Inspector from Oct. 1, 1780, to Dec. 13, 1780; also, muster roll for July, 
1780, dated Cainp Tenith; also, muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated Garri- 
son at West Point; reported furloughed at Washington until April 1, 1781 ; also. 
Col. Benjamin Tupper's (late Thomas Nixon's) 6th regt. ; return of officers for 
commutation for 5 years full pay in lieu of half pay, agreeable to act of March 
22, 1783; also, order for wages dated Stockbridge, March 29, 1784. 

Ashley, Nichols, Albany. Capt. Stephen Pearl's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775 ; alsOy 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
16 days; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 23, 1775. 

Ashley, Noah, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsevel's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 
days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. Rounse- 
vell's CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Ashley, Noah. Private, Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 4 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; marched on a secret expedition. 

Ashley, Noah, Middleborough. List of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 23, 1778; residence, 
Middleborough; reported not mustered; also, Private, Capt. Amasa Soi>er's co., 
Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; muster roll dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; en- 
listed July 20, 1778; enlistment, 9 months; reported on 3 days fatigue duty. 

Ashley, Percival, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsewell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Lieut. Nathaniel Morton's 
CO., Col. Edward Pope's regt.; marched Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 12, 1776; 
service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Major's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 22, 1777, 
to July 18, 1779; reported hired a man to take his place April 1, 1779, who 
deserted July 18, 1779; also, Capt. Amasa Soper's co.. Col. Marshall's regt.; 
muster roll dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; reported on fur- 
lough Oct. 19 [year not given] for 2 months. 

Ashley, Percival, Freetown. Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Norton's co.. Col. John 
Hathway's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1781 ; service, 6 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ashley, Simeon, Westfield. Private, Capt. Warham Parks's co., Col. Danielson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Ashley, Simeox, Boston. Private, Capt. Eleazer Hamblen's co.. Gen. John Thomas's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
week, 1 day; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Jan. 11, 1776. 



316 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ashley, Simeon. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) re-rt. ; enlisted Jan. 9, 1777; discharged April 3, 1777; 
service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Ticonderoga. 

Ashley, Simeon, Freetown. Private, Major's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 22, 1777, to Nov. 30, 1777; 
reported died Nov. 30, 1777; also, Capt. Amasa Soper's (4th) co.. Col. Marshall's 
regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 1.5, 1777. 

A-SHLEY, Simeon. Deputy Commissary of forage ; list of officers dated March 17,1780. 

Ashley, Stephen, Sheffield. Sergeant, Capt. Peter IngersoU'sco., Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 19, 1775; service, 2 mos. 2 
weeks, 2 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 177-')] ; also, Capt. Inger- 
soll's CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (9th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Dec. 20, 1775 ; also, Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co., Col. 
Timothy Rol)inson's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged 
April 2, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 
25, 1777. Roll dated Springfield. 

Ashley, "William. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 31 days; 
marched to Stillwater. 

Ashley, William. Fifer, Capt. Elihu Lyman's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at New London, Conn. 

Ashley, William, Sheffield. Ensign, Capt. "William Bacon's co.. Col. Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 17 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Bacon's 
CO., Col. John Fellows's regt.; company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 
19, 1775 ; also, Lieutenant, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Nov. 7, 1780 ; service, 16 days ; marched on an alarm to Bennington. 

Ashley', William, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Norton's co., Col. John Hath- 
way's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1781; discharged Aug. 7, 1781; service, 11 daj-s, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ashly, Daniel, Sheffield (also given Taconic Mountains). Descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Berkshire Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival 
at Fishkill, May 31, 1778 ; Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Sheffield or Taconic Mountains. 

Ashly, David. I'rivate, Capt. John Bacon's co., Col. Caleb Hyde's regt., Gen. Ros- 
seter's brigade; enlisted Oct. 20, 1781; discharged Oct. 28, 1781; service, 9 days, 
at Stillwater. 

Ashly, Percival. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Norton's (14lh) co., Col. J. Hatha- 
way's (2d Bristol Co.:) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Aug. 
10, 1779. 

Ashly, Simeon. Capt. Warham Parks's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Ashman, . [This name also appears under the form of Ashmun.] 

Ashman, . Recommendation dated Blandford, Sept. 30, 1778, given by William 

Cannon, certifying tlie ability of said Ashman to command 12tli co., CoL John 
Moseley's (3d Hampshire Co.) i"egt., in the town of Blandford in liis place. 

Ashman, J(jhn. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloper's (12th) co.. Col. David Mosley's (3d 
Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted June 12, 1782; discharged June 17, 1782; service, 
6 days; marched to Northampton to support the government, June 12, 1782. 



\ 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 317 

AsHMix, JrsTus. Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Sloper's (12th) co., Col. David Hosier's 
(3d Hampshire Co.) i-egt.; enlisted June 12, 1782; discharged June 17, 1782; ser- 
\\ce, 6 days ; marched to Northampton to support the government, June 12, 1782. 

AsHPOLD, Bartholomkw, Salem. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 
2, 1780 ; enlisted Sept. 28, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

AsiiTON, Bexjamix, Marblehead. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; pay roll 
for service from Oct. 31, 1775, to Dec. 31, 177'), 2 mos. 5 days ; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. Felton's (1st) co. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 6, 
1770; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Felton's co. ; enlisted Jan. 4, 1776; pay rolls 
made up to Nov. 15, 1776. 

AsHTOx, Bexjamix." 2d Lieutenant, schooner "Dolphin," commanded l)y Capt. 
Edward Fettyplace, Jr.; list of officers and crew dated Boston, May 26, 1777; 
also, petition dated Boston, March 29, 1782, signed b\- Benjamin Stacey Glover, 
asking for commission of said Ashton as commander of the schooner "Mont- 
gomery" (privateer) ; approved in Council, March 29, 1782. 

AsHTOx, Israel. Private, Capt. John Dennis's co., Lieut. Col. John Parke's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from July 31, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778. 

AsHTOx, JoHx, Marblehead. Private, Capt. John Selman's (8th) co.. Col. John Glover's 
(21st) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 
2^ mos. 5 days; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 9, 1775; also, order 
for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Marblehead, Jan. 3, 1776; also, 
Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted Jan. 8, 1776; pay rolls made up to Aug. 
31, 1776. 

AsHTox, JoHX. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded bj- Capt. Daniel 
Souther; engaged Aug. 17, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 21, 1776; service, 4 mos. -t days. 

AsHTOx", JoHX. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. Daniel 
Souther [no particulars given] . 

AsHTOx, JoHx. Prize Master; list of iirisoners exchanged at port of Halifax by order 
of Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777, taken in the snow " Friendship; " properly 
belonged to " The Washington " (privateer). 

AsHTox, JoHX. 1st Lieutenant, schooner "Scorpion" (privateer), commanded by 
Capt. Israel Thorndike; petition dated Salem, Nov. 7, 1777, signed by Joseph 
"White and Miles Greenwood, asking that said Thorndike be commissioned as 
commander of the " Scorpion ; " also, petition dated Salem, July 14, 1778, signed 
by Joshua Dodge, asking that said Ashton be commissioned as commander of 
schooner " Hampden " (privateer) ; granted in Council, July 16, 1778. 

AsHTOx, Philip, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; pay roll for service 
from Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 15, 1776, 2 mos. 15 days. 

AsHTOx, Samuel, Marblehead. Capt. Thomas Grant's co.. Col. Glover's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private; company return 
[probablj' Oct., 1775] ; reported drafted. 

AsHTOx, Sajiuel, Marblehead. Private, Capt. John Glover's co., Col. John Glover's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; service, 2 mos. 18 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

AsHTOx, Samuel, Marblehead. Capt. John Selman's (8th) co.. Col. John Glover's 
(21st) regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also. 
Private ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 30, 1775 ; service, 2\ mos. ; 
also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 9, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Marblehead, Jan. 3, 1776. 

AsHTOX, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co.; enlisted Jan. 8, 1776; service, 
1 mo. 24 davs. Roll dated Marblehead. 



318 .MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AsHTON, Samuel, Marblehead. Matross, Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; pay rolls 
for service from March 1, 1776, to Sept. 1, 1776, 6 mos. 

AsHTON, Samuel. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. Daniel 
Souther; engaged Aug. 19, 1776; discharged Dec. 21, 1776; service, -I mos- 2 
days. 

AsHTON, "William. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 28 da\-s; roll dated Marljlehead ; also, pay 
rolls for service from Jan. 4, 1776, to May 31, 1776, 4 mos. 28 days. Roll dated 
Marblehead. 

AsHTON, AVilliam. Seaman, brigantine "Massachusetts;" engaged Dec. 21, 1777 
[service not given] . 

AsHUR, Church, Marshpee (also given Sandwich). Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated 
June 10, 1777 ; residence, Marshpee ; enlisted for town of Dartmouth ; joined 
Capt. Dunham's co.. Col. Bailej-'s regt. ; enlistment, 3 j-ears or during war; also, 
Private, 8th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 20, 1777, to March 1, 1778; reported died March 1, 1778. 

AsHUR, Joseph, Marslipee (also given Marshfield). Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstal)le Co.) regt., dated 
June 10, 1777; residence, Marshpee; enlisted for town of Sandwich (also given 
Barnstable) ; joined Capt. Wadsworth's (also given Capt. John Russell's) co., 
Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

AsiNus[?], John Conrad. Capt. Jonathan Edes's co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; list of men 
who received bounty for 8 mos. service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

AsKEXs, Reed, Abington. Private, Capt. James Allen's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's 
regt. ; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Bristol, R. I. ; 
roll dated April 19, 1777. 

AsKiLL, John. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

AsKiN, John, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Greenleaf's co.. Col. Francis's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 14, 1777 ; roll made up for 44 days rations to date of arrival at Ben- 
nington. 

Askings, James. Private, Capt. Benjamin Plumcr's co.. Col. William Jones's regt.; 
payroll for service from July 6, 1779, to Sept. 24, 1779, 2 mos. 18 days; com- 
pany detached for service at Majorbagaduce under Col. Samuel McCobb. 

Askings, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Plumer's co.. Col. William Jones's regt.; 
pay roll for service from July 6, 1779, to Sept. 24, 1779, 2 mos. 18 days; com- 
pany detached for service at Majorbagaduce under Col. Samuel McCobb. 

AsKiNS, . [This name also appears under the form of Arskins, Askens, Askin, 

Askings, Atkins, Auskins, Raskins.] 

AsKiNS, Alexander. Sergeant, Capt. Henry Hunter's co.. Col. Jones's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 10, 1777 ; service, 2 days, on an alarm at Sheepscot River defending a ship 
loading with masts. 

AsKiNs, Alexander. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted July 3, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 11 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, muster roll for Jan. -Sept., 1778, dated East 
Greenwich; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll dated Warwick, 
Nov. 7, 1778; reported sick and absent. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 319 

AsKiNs, Alexander, Boston (also given Damariscotta and Bristol). Return of men 
enlisted into Continental Armj' from Capt. Benjamin Lapham's and Capt. Feter 
Cusliing's COS., dated Ilingham, Feb. 17, 1778; residence, Boston; enlisted for 
town of Hingham; joined Capt. Langdon's (also given Capt. Brown's) co., Col. 
Henry Jackson's regt. 

AsKiNs, Atwood. Private, Capt. Samuel Dexter's co.. Col. Learned's regt.; return 
dated Roxbiiry Camp, Jan., 1776. 

AsKixs, Christopher. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. 
Williams; engaged May 13, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 
days. 

AsKiNS, James. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged March 20, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, 4 mos. 28 days ; also, 
Gunner's Mate, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. James Nevins; engaged 
March 19, 1781 ; discharged June 12, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 24 days. Roll dated 
Boston. 

AsKixs, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. William Barker's (also given Baker's) co., Col. 
Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; enlisted March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 30, 1781 ; 
service, 28 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

AsKiNS, John. Warrant to pay officers and crew of the schooner " Rachel," dated 
June 1, 1784; service at Penobscot. 

AsKixs, Reed. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light In- 
fantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
10 days, at Rhode Island. 

AsKixs, Reed, Abington. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

AsKiNS, Reed. Private, Capt. William Barker's (also given Baker's) co., Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt. ; enlisted March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 30, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 28 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

AsKiNs, Robert. Private, Capt. Caleb Turner's co. ; enlisted March 26, 1776; dis- 
charged June 10, 1776; service, 2 mos. 15 days. Roll dated Bristol. 

AsKiNS, Robert. Private, Capt. Henry Hunter's co.. Col. Jones's regt. ; service, 2 days, 
at Sheepscot River, defending a ship loading with masts ; roll dated Sept. 10, 1777. 

AsKiNS, Samuel, Salem (also given Old York). Private, Colonel's co., Lieut. Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 
15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. James Donnell's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's 
regt. ; muster roll made up to March 20, 1777 ; also, muster return dated Camp 
at Valley Forge, Jan. 22, 1778; also, Capt. J. Pra\-'s co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 15, 1780. 

AsKiNS, Solomon. Sergeant, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 7, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

Asjios, John C. Capt. Jonathan W. Edes's (2d) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; 
list of men entitled to a bounty, dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

AsPANELL, John. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; service, 27 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 8, 
1781, for the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

AsPiNWALL. . [This name also appears under the form of Aspanell, Aspinwell.] 



320 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AspiNM'ALL, Caleb, Watertown. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
AVatertowii for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 4, 
1780; discharged Dec. 6, 1780; service, 5 mos. 13 days. 

AspiNWALL, John, Stoughton. Private, Capt. James Endecott's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days. 

AspixwALL, JoHx, Jr., Stoughton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
16yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; residence, Stoughton; arrived at 
Springfield July 16, 1780; marched to camp July 16, 1780, under command of 
Sergt. Thomas Kench; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Stoughton for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 25, 
1780; discharged Dec. 24, 1780; service, 6 mos. 10 days; also, return of men 
raised agreeal)le to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted June 22, 1781. 

AspiNWALL, JosKPH, StoughtoH. Private, Capt. James Endecotfs co., Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., wliich marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 da.vs. 

AspixwALi., Joseph, Jr. Private, Capt. Theophilus Lyon's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel 
Pierce's regt.; enlisted March 1, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 36 days, 
at Castle Island. 

AspixwALL, RicuAUi), Elizabctli Town. Private, Cajit. Bullard's co., Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; company return dated Prospect Kill, Oct. 6, 1775; reported deserted. 

Asi'ixwALL, Thomas. Lieut. Colonel, Col. "William Heath's regt. ; enlisted .Viiril 19, 
1775; service, 23 days. 

.VspixwALL, AViLLiAM. Surgcon at Roxbury hosjjital ; examined and approved for 
appointment by a committee, July 7, 1775. 

AspixwiiLL, Calkh, Watertown. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Watertown; arrived at Spring- 
field July 5, 1780; marched to camp July 5, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Frothingham of the artillery ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed nuister, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

AssBRiDGE, Joseph. Seaman; list of men on board the United States brig " General 
Gates," commanded by Capt. John Skimmer, entitled to prize shares; credited 
with one share in the " Polly " and " Montague." 

Asset, Bartholomew, Marblehead. Quartermaster, ship "Franklin," commanded 
by Capt. Jolm Turner; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Dec. 2, 1780; 
age, 25 yrs. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Marblehead ; cruise l)egan Aug. 8. 1780. 

AsTAix, Christopher. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co., Col. Josei)h North's regt.; 
service, 2 days, from Sept. 10, 1777, in defending and retaking mast-sliip in 
Sheepscot River. 

AsTAix, Geokge. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt. ; service, 

2 days, from Sept. 10, 1777, in defending and retaking mast-ship in Sheepscot 
River. 

AsTAix, IcHABOD. Private, Capt. Storey's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 1, 1780; reported 
deserted April 1, 1780. 

AsTEN, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. John Pray's to.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsburgli ; enlisted Jan. 30, 1781 ; enlistment, 

3 years; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 



IX THE WxVR OF THE REVOLUTION. 321 

AsTEN, Caleb, Dracut. Private, Capt. J. B, Yarnum's co., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; 
abstract of equipments for train band [year not given] ; also, list of men returned 
as having served 2 mos. near New York, agreeable to order of Congress of Sept. 
17, 1776; served in 2d co. of Dracut; also, list of men returned as having done 
more than their ratal)le duty in the 2d co. of Dracut, in 1777. 

AsTEN, David, Dracut. List of men returned as having served until Dec. 1, 1776, 
agreeable to order of Congress, Aug. 1, 1776; served in 2d co. of Dracut; also. 
Private, Capt. John Minot's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allow- 
ance; service at Dorchester Heights in Nov., 1776; also, Capt. J. B. Yarnum's 
CO., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; abstract of equipments for train band for 1777; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Yarnum's (2d Dracut) co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt., Gen. Lovell's 
brigade; enlisted July 29, 177H ; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 18 days, 
on an expedition to Rhode Island. 

AsTEN, IcHABOD. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Plumer's co., Col. \Villiam Jones's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from July 6, 1779, to Sept. 21, 1779, 2 mos. 18 days; company 
detached for service at Majorbagaduce under Col. Samuel McCobb. 

AsTEX, Isaac, Jr., Methuen. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay alistract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 
1776^ 

AsTEN, Isaac, Jr. Private, Capt. David AYhittier's co., Maj. Benjamin Gage's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 12, 1777 ; service, 40 days ; marched to join 
Northern army. Roll sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

AsTEX, JoHx, Methuen. Capt. John Davis's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, Private ; company return dated 
Cambridge, Oct. 5, 177r»; reported enlisted May 6, 177.i. 

AsTEN, JoHX. Private, Capt. J. B. Yarnum's co.. Col. Spaulding's regt. ; abstract 
of equipments for train band [year not given] ; also, abstract of equipments for 

1777. 

AsTEX, JoHX. Private, Capt. James Mallon's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 18, 1781; discharged Dec. 4, 1781; service, .3 mos. 28 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; regiment raised in Essex and Plymouth counties to reinforce Continen- 
tal Awuy. 

AsTEX, JoxAH. Private, Capt. Hart "Williams's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776 ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

AsTEX, Peter. Private, Capt. J. B. Yarnum's co.. Col. Spaulding's regt.; abstract of 
equipments for train band for 1777. 

AsTEX, Reubex. Private, Capt. Joseph ^Vinch's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days, in North- 
ern department. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

AsTEX, William. Lieut. Abel Kimliall's co. ; return of men for travel allowance, etc. ; 
marched to Gloucester Nov. 30, 1775, to guard a brig laden with warlike stores 
taken on its way to Boston ; order for pay sworn to at Andover, March 22, 
1776. 

AsTEX, William, Methuen. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec., 
1776. 

AsTEXs, Caleb, Dracut. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; 
return of men in service at White Plains, dated Oct. 31, 1776; reported wounded. 



322 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AsTERMAN, Matthias, Boston. Matross, Capt. Nathaniel Donnell's co., Col. John 
Crane's (3d Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 17H0 ; also, muster roll dated West Point, Jan. 9, 1781 ; enlisted 
Feb., 1777; enlistment, during war; reported a foreiirner; also, muster rolls for 
Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West Point. [See Matthias Anstroman.] 

Astern, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Cyprian How's regt.. Col. 
Commandant John Jacobs's brigade; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 6 daj"s, at Rhode Island. 

AsTiN, David, Pepperellborough. List of men mustered in York Co. by Nathaniel 
Wells, Muster Master, dated June 7, 1777; Capt. Winthrop Sargent's co.. Col. 
John Crane's regt. ; residence, Pepperellborough ; engaged for town of Wobum 
b}- Col. Baldwin ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

AsTix, EzEKiEL. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Siraons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 1 mo., 
at the Northward. Roll dated Hancock. 

AsTiN, George. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bates's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 10 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

AsTiN, IcHAKOD, Old York. List of deserters dated Jan. 25, 1781 ; Col. Michael Jack- 
son's (8th) regt. ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; residence, Old York ; enlistment, 
during war ; deserted June, 1780. 

AsTiNE, Peter, Fryeburg. Private, Capt. Stephen Farrington's co.; marched Aug. 4, 
1781 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1781 ; service, 5 days, on an expedition sent by the town 
of Fryeburg to the relief of the inhabitants of Androscoggin River; also, pay roll 
for 8 days service from Sept. 17 to Sept. 24, 1781 ; company sent by selectmen of 
Fryeburg to guard frontiers on Androscoggin River. 

AsTiNGS, James. Private, Capt. Edward Fuller's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; return of 
men in service [probably in Oct., 1776] ; reported in hospital. 

AsTiNGS, Job. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
6, 1778; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

AsTixs, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co., Lieut. Col. S. Williams's regt.; 
enlisted Dec. 20, 1776; discharged March 20, 1777; service, 3 mos. 13* days. Roll 
dated Morristown. 

AsTiNS, John. Marine, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Nov. 4, 1780; service, 6 mos. 1 day; reported captured May 5, 1781. 

Aston, . [This name also appears under the form of Arston, Astain, Asten, Astern, 

Astin, Astine, Astins, Austin, Ayston.] 

Aston, Asa. Capt. Fales's co. ; list of men who marched to Blade's Ferry in Jan., 
1778, for 3 mos. service. 

Aston, Benjamin, Marblehead. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted 
July 13, 1775; service, 3 mos. 27 days, at Marblehead. 

Aston, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Pray's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for July, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Aston, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Joseph Jones's co.. Col. William .Jones's regt.; 
marched June 29, 1779; discharged July 16, 1779; service, 17 days, at Camden. 

Aston, James. Private, Capt. Phineas Stearns's co., which marched from Watertown 
by order of Gen. Washington, to assist in taking possession of Dorchester 
Heights, in March, 1776; service, 5 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 323 

Atchenson, Joshua, Monson. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Joshua Shaw's (15th) co., Col. John Bliss's rejrt., ilated March 29, 1779; 
joined Capt. Keep's co., Col. Shepherd's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atchersox, Thomas. Private, Capt. Peters's co.. Col. Danielson's regt. ; company 
return dated Oct. fi, 1775 ; reported deserted. 

Atchersox, Thomas. Bombardier, Capt. Perez Cushing's (1st) co., Col. Paul Revere's 
(Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 8, 1778, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; reported enlisted Nov. 16, 1777, as certified by William Todd; 
also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 8, 1780, 4 mos. 8 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Atchixsox, Bexoxi, AVilliraluuii. Corporal, Capt. Panl Langdon's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; discharged May 2, 1775 ; 
ser^^ce, 12 days. 

Atchixsox, Bexoxi. Capt. Aaron Graves's co., Col. David Leonard's regt. ; enlisted 
May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the Northward. 

Atchixsox, Johx. Private, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's co.. Col. AVilliam Shepard's 
(3d) regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; enlisted 
March 28, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; reported on command at Greenwich. 

Atchixsox, Johx. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted March 15, 1779 ; dis- 
charged June 15, 1779; service, 3 mos., ^vith guards at Springfield. 

Atchixsox, Johx. Private, Capt. Abel King's co., Col. Sears's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., at Saratoga. 

Atchixsox, Joshua, Ludlow. Descriptive list of men who re-enlisted between Sept. 
30, 1779, and Feb. 23, 1780, dated Bud's Highlands; age, 3-1 j-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 
in.; complexion, light; hair, light; residence, Ludlow; joined Capt. Webb's co., 
Col. William Shepard's regt.; also, Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co.. Col. 
Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, 
during war; also, muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781; also, muster rolls for Oct., 
1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Atchisox, . [This name also appears under the form of Acheson, Adcison, 

Archeson, Atchenson, Atcherson, Atchinson, Atkinson.] 

Atchisox, Thomas, New York. Private, Capt. Hart's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 7, 1775; service, 85 days; 
also, Capt. John Wiley's co.. Col. Sargent's regt.; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dec. 13, 1775. 

Atchisox, Thomas. List of men in the 26th regt. who engaged to continue in service 
for 6 weeks from Jan. 1, 1777. 

Athartox, Joel, Harvard. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 21, 1781 ; Capt. 
Davis's CO., Col. Whitney's regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, 
light; hair, dark; eyes, blue; occupation, farmer; residence. Harvard; rank, 
Private; enlisted for town of Attleborough ; enlisted April 3, 1781; joined Capt. 
Watson's co., 3d regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Athartox, Johx, Jr., Harvard. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 21, 1781; 
Capt. Davis's co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; com- 
plexion, light; hair, light; eyes, gray; occupation, farmer; residence. Harvard; 
enlisted for town of Attleborough; enlisted March 6, 1781 ; joined Capt. Watson's 
CO., 3d regt.; enlistment, 3 years; n/so. Private, Capt. Abraham AVatson's co., 
Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point. 



324 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Athartox, Samikl, Harvard. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 21, 1781: 
Capt. Davis's co., Col. Whitney's regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. ") in. ; com- 
plexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, blue; occupation, farmer; residence. Harvard; 
rank, Private ; enlisted for town of Attleborougli ; enlisted March 6, 1781 ; joined 
Capt. Watson's co., 3d regt.; enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Atheakx, Jonathan. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Allen's (2d) co., Col. Beriah 
Norton's regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; chosen by 2d Dukes Co. regt.; 
commissioned April 3, 1776. 

Athenton, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776; reported on command with Gen. Lee. 

Athern, Timothy. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777 ; Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's co.. Col. John Pat- 
terson's regt. 

Athernton, Philip, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Banister's co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; 
Continental Arni}^ pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 1, 1780. 

Atherton, . [This name also appears under the form of Aortherton, Artherton, 

Arthurton, Atharton, Athenton, Atliernton, Atheton, Attherton, Auerton, 
Autherton, Authurton, Averton.] 

Atherton {alias Additon), Ahijah, Ilarpswell. Private, Capt. John Reed's co.. Col. 
Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 29, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported taken prisoner Nov. 9, 1778. 

Atherton, Amos, Shirley. Ileturn of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Aaron Jewett's (3d) co., Col. Jonatlian Heed's (6tli Middlesex Co.) regt., dated 
Feb. 19, 1778; residence, Shirley; enlisted for town of Littleton; joined Capt. 
Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or dur- 
ing war; also, Private, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Bigelow's (15th) regt.; Continen- 
tal Army pay accotints for service from Feb. 1, 1778, to July ."), 1779; reported 
deserted but returned to service Jan. 1, 1780; also, muster rolls for March, April 
and May, 1778, dated Valley Forge; reported sick in hospital at Brookline in 
March; sick in general hospital in April; also, muster roll for July and Aug., 
1778, dated Camp Providence; reported "struck out of May roll and since 
joined; " also, muster rolls for Sept., 1778-June, 1779, dated Providence ; reported 
on guard in Sept., 1778, and Jan. and June, 1779; on fatigue in Oct., 1778; on 
command at Warwick in May, 1779; also, muster roll for July, 1779; reported 
deserted July 4, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll dated West Point, March 27, 1780; 
aZso, muster roll for .Jan.-June, 1780, dated Camp at Robinson's Farms; also, 
muster roll for July, 1780, dated Camp Tenack ; reported on forage guard; also, 
muster roll for Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Garrison at West Point ; reported in 
forage department; also, Capt. Smith's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (otli) regt.; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Pt)int; reported discharged Felj. 1, 1781. 

Atherton, Asahel, Greenfield. Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's . 
regt. ; order for cartridges dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 3, 1775; service, 1 mo. 3 weeks, 4 days; 
also, company return [probal)ly Oct., 1775J ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Atherton, Cai.ei!, Stougiiton. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Josiali M'liit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1776; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; regiment raised for 
defence of Boston. 

Atherton, Caleb. Capt. Moses Adams's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; receipt 
for travel allowance dated Medway ; service from Nov. 3, 1777, to April 3, 1778, 
5 mos., at Camljridge. 



m THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. • 325 

Athertox, Consider, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's CO., Col. Lemuel Rob- 
inson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177") ; service, 5 days. 

Athertox, David, Harvard. Private, Capt. Samupl Hill's cc, Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt., under command of Lieut. Col. Ephraim Sawyer; service, 24 days, from 
Oct. 2 to Oct. 26, 1777, with Northern army. 

Athehton, David. Capt. Peter Woodbury's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted July 9, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 9, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 1 day, at Cam- 
bridge ; roll dated Lancaster; also, Capt. David Jewett's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Nov. 10, 1778, to Dec. 12, 1778, 1 mo. 5 days; roll dated 
Lancaster; also, Corporal, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
detachment of guards [year not given] . 

Athertox, Eber. Private, Capt. John Wells's co.. Col. David Wells's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days, in 
Northern department. Roll dated Shelburne. 

Athertox, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's 
detachment of guards, serving at Dorchester ; enlisted Dec. 10, 1777 ; discharged 
March 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 days. 

Athertox, Ebexezer, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Oliver Billings's and Lieut. Lemuel 
Clap's COS., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, 
Matross; list of men in Capt. Lemuel Clap's co. at Dorchester Heights, which 
was ordered to be reduced to 1 sergeant and 9 matrosses, Oct. 13, 1780. 

Athertox, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 1, 1780 ; discharged Feb. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., in and about Bos- 
ton; also, pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1781, to May 6, 1781, 3 mos. 6 days, 
Avith guards at Boston, guarding Continental stores by order of Gen. Heath. 

Athertox, Eleazer (or Ebexezer). Private, Lieut. William Foster's co.. Col. 
Pierce's regt.; enlisted March 3, 1778; discharged April 4, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
3 days, at Long Island. 

Athertox, Ei.iakim, Bolton. Adjutant, Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; enlisted April 
19, 1775; service, 17 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Athertox, Ezra, Ashburnham. Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Gates's co.. Col. John 
Whetcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 
days ; left place of rendezvous May 1, 1775. 

Athertox, Lsaac, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Gen. John 
Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week, 1 day; also, companj' return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, muster roll 
for 61 days from Sept. 1 [year not given] , dated Camp at Roxbury ; enlisted 
April 19, 1775; also, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co.. Col. Simeon Gary's regt. ; roll 
made up for 5 days, between date of enlistment and date of marching, dated 
April 2, 1776; also, Capt. David Packard's co.. Col. Gary's regt.; enlisted July 
22, 1780; service, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Athertox, Isaac. Capt. Nathan Alden's co.. Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; order for 
wages for 3 mos. service at Bristol, R. I., dated Marcli 7, 1777. 

Athertox, Isaac. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co.. Col. Hawes's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 2, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedi- 
tion. Roll sworn to at Plymouth. 

Athertox, Joel, Harvard. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(3d) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted April 3, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp near Dol)bs'8 
Ferry; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, muster roll for 
Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, 



326 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Atherton, Joel, continued. 

dated Hi.v'hlands; also, muster roll for Dec, 17S1, dated New Boston; also, Capt. 
Simon Jackson's co., Col. Greatoii's regt. ; muster rolls for June-Nov., 1782 ; also, 
Capt. William AVatson's (6th) CO., Lieut. Col. Milieu's (;3d) rest. ; muster rolls 
for Dec, 1782, and Jan., 1783; also, order for waijes for Feb. and Marcli, 1783, 
dated Cantonment near New Windsor; also, muster roll for Ai)ril, 1783; also, 
Capt. Tisdale's (Uh) co.. Col. Michael Jackson's (3d) re^t. ; muster roll for Aug. 
and Sept., 1783; also, list of men in 3d co., 3d regt. ; discharged Oct. 28, 1783, 
term of enlistment having expired. 

Atherton. John, Wrentham. List of men enlisted from SutTolk Co. for the term of 
9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 1-1, 1778 ; returned as 
received by Col. Rufus Putnam, Julj- 20, 1778. 

Atherton, John, Harvard. Private, Capt. Isaac Gates's (4th) co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"), to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 10^ days; returned home April 28, 177;'); also, Capt. Thomas Fislier's co-, 
Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 29, 1779; roll made up to Dec 1, 1779; 
service, 4 mos. 2 days, at Khode Island ; also, pay roll for service from Nov. 30, 
1779, to Jan. 1, 1780, 1 mo. 4 days, at Khode Island. 

Atherton, John, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Oliver Billings's and Lieut. Lemuel 
Clap's CO., Col. Lemuel Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of Ajiril 
19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, Corporal, Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. John 
Paterson's (26th) regt.; comi)any return [probably Oct., 177")] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 16, 177'); also. Private, Capt. 
Lemuel Clap's (1st) co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; dis- 
charged March 8, 1776 ; service, 5 days, at the taking of Dorchester Heights ; also, 
4th Corporal ; pay roll for service from March 14 to March 26, 1776, 12 daj's ; also, 
Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in service from 
Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Cai)t. John Bradley's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days; marched to Manchester, Yt., to 
join Northern army; also, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's 
detachment of guards ; enlisted Dec. 10, 1777 ; discharged March 1, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 22 days, at Dorchester ; also, Capt. Robert Smith's co., Lieut. Ccl. Symms's 
detachment of guards, serving at Boston and Dorchester under Maj. Gen. Heath; 
enlisted Fel). 26, 1778; discharged April 26, 1778; service, 2 mos.; also, descrip- 
tive list of men eiilisted for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at 
Fishkill, dated Dorchester, June 29, 1778; Capt. Sumner's co., Col. Gill's regt.; 
age, 26 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; hair, dark; eyes, gray; nationality, American; 
occupation, husbandman; residence, Dorchester; enlisted to serve under Gen. 
Washington; conducted to camp by Capt. Davis; also, CsL\)t. Lemuel Clap's CO., 
Maj. Nathaniel Heath's regt. of guards, at Dorchester Heights; enlisted May 12, 
1779; discharged Aug. 11, 1779; service, 3 mos.; also, pay roll for service with 
guards at Boston, from Aug. 12, 1779, to May 1, 1780, 8 mos. 20 days; also, 
pay rolls for service with guards at Dorchester Heights, from May 1, 1780, to Oct. 
16, 1780, 5 mos. 16 days ; also, return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted Feb. 13, 1781; also, Matross, Capt. Samuel Shaw's co.. Col. John 
Crane's (3d Artillery) regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated North Redoubt; 
enlisted Feb. 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atherton, John, Jr., Stoughton. Sergeant, Capt. Peter Tall)ot's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Robert Swan's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; marched 
June 13, 1776, to Squantum (the Moon) wlien the British fleet had left harbor of 
Boston; service, 3 days. 

Atherton, John, Jr., Harvard. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Harvard ; arrived at Springfield 



IX THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 327 

Atherton, Johk, Jr., continued. 

July 22, 1780 ; marched to camp July 22, 1780, under command of Capt. William 
Scott; also, pay roll for G months men raised by the town of Harvard for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 19, 1780; discharged Dee. 
1"), 1780 ; service, S mos. 5 days ; also, Private, Capt. Abraham "Watson's co., Col. 
John Greaton's (3d) rept. ; muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp near Dobbs's 
Ferry; enlisted March 0, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for Aug., 
1781, dated Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; 
also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated Highlands; also, muster roll for 
Dec, 1781, dated New Boston; also, Capt. Simon Jackson's (8th) co.. Col. 
Greaton's regt. ; muster rolls for June-Nov., 1782; also, Capt. "William Watson's 
(6th) CO., Lieut. Col. Millen's (3d) regt.; muster rolls for Dec, 1782, and Jan., 
1783; also, order for wages for Feb. and March, 1783, dated Cantonment near 
New Windsor; also, muster roll for April, 1783; also. Corporal, 4th co., Col. 
Michael Jackson's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1783. 

Atherton, Jonathan, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John Prescott's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. James 
Burt's CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, 
June 8, \~lii ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 26, 1775 ; service, 
3 mos. 13 days ; also. Corporal ; receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect 
Hill; also, Private; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Athertox, Jonathan, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Samuel 
Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 15 days; also, Capt. Wells's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
pay abstract for mileage, etc., sworn to at Deerfield, Dec. 10, 1777; company 
ser^'ed at Ticonderoga for 3 mos. from Sept. 1, 1776. 

Atherton, Jonathan, Harvard. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, pa,v 
abstract for gun and blanket money dated Dorchester, Feb. 12, 1777. 

Atherton, Jonathan, Harvard. Private, Capt. Hezekiah "Whitney's co., Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; marched July 22, 1777, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; service, 
2 days; also, Capt. Samuel Hill's co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; marched March 19, 
1777, on an alarm at Bennington ; service, 6 days. 

Atherton, Jonathan, Shirley. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Shirley; arrived at Springfield July 
12, 1780; marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign Gilbert; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, 
Private, Capt. Michael G. Houdin's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt. ; muster 
roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; marched July 8, 1780; enlisted July 12, 
1780; discharged JaUo 12, 1781; enlistment, 6 months. 

Atherton, Jonathan, 2d. Private, Lieut. John Dean's co., made up from the 3d and 
7th COS. of Col. John Daggett's (4th Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 2 days, at Rhode 
Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Atherton, Jo's, Harvard. Private, Capt. Joseph Fairbanks's co.. Col. Asa AVhetcomb's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Cambridge; service, 4 days. 

Atherton, Joseph, Harvard. Private, Capt. Isaac Gates's (4th) co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 24^ days; returned home May 12, 1775. 



328 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Athertox, Joseph, Harvard. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage from Harvard to Dorchester Heights [jirobably in 
Sept., 1776] ; also, pay abstract for travel home dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 
30, 1776. 

Athekton, Joseph, Harvard. Private, Capt. Samuel Hill's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; marched Aug. 19, 1777, on an alarm at Bennington; service, 6 days. 

Athektox, Joseph, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co., Col. Nicholas 
Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage dated Sept. 17, 1776 ; also, pay abstract for 
mileage, etc., dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 28, 1776; also, Capt. John Wells's 
CO., Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; dis- 
charged April 1, 1777; service, 100 days; marched to Ticonderoga; enlistment to 
expire March 25, 1777; also, Capt. Wells's co., Col. David Wells's (Hampsliire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days, 
in Northern department ; roll dated Shellmrne; oiso, descriptive list of enlisted 
men detached from 3d or 10th co., nth Hamjjshire Co. regt., as returned Ijy Maj. 
David Dickinson, dated Deerfield, July 21, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, .') ft. 11 in. ; 
complexion, light; hair, light; eyes, light; residence, Greenfield; joined Capt. 
Isaac Newton's co. ; enlistment, 3 months; also, Corporal, Capt. Newton's co.. 
Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 
10,1780; service, 3 mos. 7 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Atheutox, Joshva, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Abiel Clap's co.. Col. John Dagget's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177;') ; service, 11 days ; also, Capt. 
Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); 
enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 
1775; a/so, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Braintree, 
Dec. 25, 1775. 

Athertox, Lemvei,, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Moses Knap's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3, mos. 9 
days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Rox- 
bury, Nov. 21, 1775; also, Capt. Josiah Pratt's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; enlisted 
March 4, 1776; discharged March 11, 1776; service, 5^ days; marched on an 
alarm to Roxbury ; also, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted May 27, 1776; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; regiment raised for defence of 
Boston; also, list of men engaged for the Continental service from Col. Gill's 
regt. ; residence, Stoughton (also given Boston) ; enlisted for town of Stoughton ; 
joined Capt. Knap's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported died 
Dec, 1777. 
« 

Athertox, Matthew. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; 

enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with 
guards at Roxbury. 

Athertox, Matthew. Private, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. .Tacob Gerrish's 
regt. of guards; enlisted Jidy 10, 1778; discharged July 30, 1778; service, 21 
days, at Cambridge. Roll dated Lancaster. 

Athertox, Matthew, Bolton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, freckled ; residence, Bolton ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 27, 1780; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Storer; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned Ity Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by tlie town of Bolton for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 23, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 8, 
1780 ; service, -1 mos. 27 days. 



I 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 329 

Athekton, Oliver. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Whitney's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; marched July 22, 1777, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; service, 2 days ; also, 
Capt. Whitney's co.. Col. Jol) Cushing's regt. ; marched July 30, 1777, on an 
alarm at Bennington ; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Athertox, Oliver. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted July 'M, 177H; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, 
at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Lancaster. 

Atherton, Oliver, Greenfield. Sergeant, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Samuel 
Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 10 days; reported enlisted into the army Ma}' 1, 1775; also, 
Capt. Wells's co.,_Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return [proliably 
Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Prospect Hill, Nov. 20, 1775; reported as lielongingto Shelburne; oZ.s7),receii)t for 
wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; also, 2d Lieutenant, 10th co., Lieut. 
Col. Wells's (5th Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commis- 
sioned Aug. 14, 1780. 

Atherton, Oliver. Surgeon's Mate, Col. John Rand's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; service 
at West Point from July 10, 1780, to Oct. 22, 1780, 3 mos. 12 days ; enlistment, 
3 months; also, muster roll for July-Oct., 1780, dated Westminster. 

Atherton, Peter. Capt. Robert Longley's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; return for 
cartridge boxes dated Cambridge, June 18, 1775. 

Atherton, Peter. Private, Capt. William Greenleaf's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 7 days. Roll 
dated Lancaster. 

Atherton, Philip, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Moses Knap's co.. Col. William Shep- 
pard's (3d) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778, and March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on command at Boston in 
March and April, 1779 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 20 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Mansfield ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 16, 1780; marched to camp July 16, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Zebulon King ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also. Private; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Mansfield for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 15, 
1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 12 days; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men; age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; occupation, 
laborer ; residence, Mansfield ; enlisted July 5, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; marched 
to Boston to join Maj. Pettingall. 

Atherton, Samuel, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; 
also, Capt. Simeon Leach's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; enlisted March 4, 
1776; service, 5 days; marched to fortify Dorchester Heights ; also, pay roll for 
2 days service from March 21, 1776 ; marched to Braintree when British ships lay 
in Boston harbor ; also, Capt. Robert Swan's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; marched April 
18, 1777, to Bristol, R. I. ; service, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Atherton, Samuel, Attleborough. Capt. Jacob Ide's co. ; order for wages for service 
on the alarm caused hj battle of Bunker Hill, dated July 5, 1770. 

Atherton, Samuel, Harvard. Receipt for mileage from Harvard to Danbury, dated 
Dec. 17, 1776; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Armj' from Capt. 
Samuel Hill's co., dated Dec. 17, 1777; joined Capt. Benjamin Brown's co., Col. 
Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Brown's co., Col. 



330 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atheuton, Samuel, continued. 

Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 
1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Hartshorn's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 10, 1780; also, 
Capt. Almiham Watson's co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; muster roll for 
May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted March 0, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also. 
Corporal ; muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp at Dobhs's Ferry ; also, muster 
roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Conti- 
nental Village ; reported on duty at the Lines ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, dated Highlands; also, muster roll for Dec, 17H1, dated New Boston; also, 
muster rolls for March and May, 1782; rejjorted sick at Harvard; a7so, Capt. 
Simon Jackson's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; muster rolls for June-Nov., 1782; 
reported sick at Harvard; given as Private on muster rolls for Aug.-Nov., 1782. 

Athertox, Thomas, Bolton. Drummer, Capt. Benjamin Hastings's co.. Col. Jolm 
Whitcoml)'s regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 9 days. 

Atherton, Thomas, Duxbury. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of G months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light ; residence, Duximry; arrived at Springfield 
July 9, 1780; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. Daniel 
Shay ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2o, 
1780 ; also, Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 4, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 4, 1781; enlistment, 6 months; also, Capt. Bates's co., 14th regt.; muster 
roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780. 

Athertox, Uriah, Stoughton or Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Israel Smith's co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"), from Stoughton and Stoughton- 
ham ; service, 4 days. 

Athertox, Uriah, Jr., Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Josiah Pratt's co.. Col. Gill's 
regt.; marched on an alarm to Roxbury March 4, 1776; service, 4^ days. 

Athetox, Oliver. Sergeant, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 38 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern army after the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Atkersox, Johx. Private, Capt. Caleb Keep's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Atkersox, John, Maiden. Matross, Capt. Treadwell's co.. Col. John Crane's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 7 mos. 29 days as Matross, 24 mos. as Gunner; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Atkix, George. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
marched July 30, 1780, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; 
service, 11 days. 

Atkix, Johx, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Greenleaf's co., Col. Tupper's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported taken prisoner Jan. 7, 1777, at Hubelton. 

Atkin, Samuel, Barrington. Private, Capt. Judah Alden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 15, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Atkings, John. Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 331 

Atkixs, . [This name also appears under the form of Adkins, Aitkens, Aitkins, 

Akins, Askins, Atkin, Atkings, Atkinson, Attkins.] 

Atkixs, Alexander, Bristol. List of men mustered in Lincoln Co. by Brig. Charles 
Cushing, dated Pownalborough, Aug. 20, 1778; Col. Jones's (3d) regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1778 ; raised agreeable to resolve of June 10, 1778, to march to Providence 
to reinforce Col. Wade's and Col. Jacobs's regts. 

Atkixs, Alex.\xder, Damariscotta. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's 
reirt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779, credited to town of Hingham ; also, Lieut. Hodijah Bayles's co. of grenadiers. 
Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa.; also, pay roll 
for June, 1778, dated Providence; also, Lieut. John Hobby's co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; pay roll for July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence ; also, pay rolls for 
Sept. and Dec, 1778, March and April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, muster roll 
dated Camp at Providence, July 9, 1779 ; residence, Damariscotta ; also, pay roll 
for Julj-, 1779, dated Camp Providence; also. Colonel's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; 
pay roll for Oct., 1779 ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to June 28. 1780 ; reported as serving 1 mo. 15 days as Private, \ mos. 
13 days as Corporal. 

Atkixs, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co. ; enlisted Feb. 15, 1776 ; roll 
made up to Feb. 29, 1776 ; service, 14 days ; roll dated Truro ; also, pay rolls for 
service from May 31, 1776, to Xov. 22, 1776, 5 mos. 22 days. 

Atkixs, Charles, Eastham. Drummer, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co., Col Aaron Wil- 
lard's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., to Ticonderoga, dated Boston, Jan. 
15, 1777. 

Atkixs, Charles. Private, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co., Col. Zenath Winslow's 
regt. ; service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Atkixs, Corxelivs, Pittsfield. List of men enlisted into Continental Arm}- for the 
term of 3 years, dated Boston, Xov. 29, 1779. 

Atkixs, Corxelius, Lee (also given Stockbridge and Sand\vich). Return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Jesse Bradley's co. [year not given] ; 
residence, Lee; enlisted for town of Hartwood; joined Capt. Chadwick's co.. Col. 
Brewer's regt.; enlistment, during war; also. Private, Capt. John Chadwick's 
CO., Col. Brewer's rest. ; muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778 ; residence. Stock- 
bridge; enlisted for town of Stockbridge; also. Corporal, Capt. Means's co., Col. 
Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 33 mos. as Private, 3 mos. as Corporal; also. 
Private, Capt. Means's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts 
for 1780 ; residence. Sandwich ; reported transferred to Capt. Pray's (Light Infan- 
try) CO., Sept. 7, 1780; also, Capt. J. Pray's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; residence, 
Lee ; reported as serving 4 mos. as Corporal, 8 mos. as Private ; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men, dated West Point, Jan. 1, 1781; Capt. John Pray's co.. Col. 
Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; age, 24 yrs. ; stature. 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, light; occupation, husbandman; birthplace, Rochester; residence, Lee; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1777, by Ensign Mansfield ; enlistment, during war ; also. Private, 
Capt. Pray's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; 
reported on guard at Xewburgh; also, muster rolls for Feb.- April, 1781; re- 
ported on command with light infantry; also, muster roll for May, 1781, dated 
West Point; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillii)sburgh; 
reported on command with light infantrv; also, muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 
1781 ; reported on command with light infantry ; also, muster rolls for Oct. and 
Nov., 1781, and Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts; reported on furlough 
in Feb., 1782. 



332 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atkins, David. List of prisoners broujrht in the first cartel from Rhode Island, dated 
Providence, Jan. 18, 1777 ; returned l)y John Ayres. 

Atkins, David. Seaman, brijrantine "Active," commanded bj- Capt. Allen Hallet; 
engaged June 14, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days. 

Atkins, Edward. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Larral)ee's co. ; enlisted July 9, 1773; 
service, 6 mos. 7 days, on the sea coast in Cumberland Co. 

Atkins, Edward. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Atkins, Edward, Boston. Schooner "Cato," commanded by Capt. David Allen; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 30, 1780; age, 20 yrs. 1 mo.; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark; hair, dark ; eyes,1)lack; residence, Boston. 

Atkins, George, Pittsfield. List of men who enlisted into Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Boston, Nov. 29, 1779. 

Atkins, George, Lee (also given Sandwich and Stockbridge). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Jesse Bradley's co. [year not given] ; residence, 
Lee; enlisted for town of Hartwood; joined Capt. Chadwick's co., Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; enlistment, during war; also, Private, Capt. John Chadwick's co.. Col. 
Brewer's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778; residence. Sandwich; enlisted 
for town of Stockbridge; also. Corporal, Capt. Means's co., Col. Sprout's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 29 mos. 12 days as Private, n mos. as Corporal ; also. Private, 
Capt. J. Means's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
1780; residence, Sandwich; reported transferred to Capt. Pray's (Light Infantry) 
CO., July 1, 1780; also, Private, Capt. J. Pray's CO., Col. Sprout's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; resi- 
dence, Lee; reported as serving 4 mos. as Corporal, 8 mos. as Private; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 1, 1781 ; Capt. John Pray's 
CO., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, 
light; hair, light; occupation, husbandman; l)irthplace, Rochester; residence, 
Lee; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777, by Ensign Mansfield; also, Capt. Pray's co.. Col. 
Yose's regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; also, muster rolls for 
Feb. -April, 1781, dated Dobl^s's Ferry; also, muster roll for May, 1781, dated 
West Point; also, muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsburgli; reported 
deceased. 

Atkins, Henrt. Capt. John Popkins's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Kill, Jan. 2, 1776. 

Atkins, Henry. Private, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co., Col. Zenath AVinslow's regt.; 
service, 2 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Atkins, Henry. Petition dated Boston, Dec. 23, 1780, signed liy Jolm Codman in 
behalf of himself and others of Boston, asking that said Atkins be commissioned 
as commander of l)rigantine " Expedition " (privateer) ; granted in Council, Dec. 
29, 1780. 

Atkins, Isaiah, Truro. Private, Capt. Winslow Lewis's co. ; pay abstract for travel 
allowance to and from camp at Cambridge, dated Jan. 13, 1776. 

Atkins, John, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) 38th regt.; company return dated Camp Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1773; also, 
Capt. William Pearson's (3d) co. ; enlisted Jan. 12, 1770; roll made up to May 
31, 1776; service, 4 mos. 19 days, at Gloucester. 

Atkins, Joseph. Petition dated Boston, Dec. 28, 1780, signed by William and John 
Shattuck of Boston, asking that said Atkins be commissioned as commander 
of ship "Prosper" (privateer) ; granted in Council, Dec. 29, 1780. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 333 

Atkins, Moses, Stockbridge (also given Glass Works). Private, Capt. Means's co., 
Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to Oct. 10, 1777; reported deserted Oct. 10, 1777; also, Corporal, 
Lieut. Col. Sprout's regt. ; depreciation roll to make good the depreciation of 
wages for the first 3 years service in the Continental Arin.v from 1777 to 1780. 

Atkins, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 
4 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778. 

Atkins, Obadiah, Cape Ann. Capt. John Row's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 28, 177o; a/so. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 13, 177.t; service, 1 mo. 21 days; 
also, company return [prol)ably Oct., 177")] ; also, order for Ijounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Atkins, Primus, Lincoln. Private, Capt. Jesse Wyman's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 10, 1777, at Point Judith; service, 
2 mos. 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Atkins, Primus. Private, Capt. Joseph Cole's co., Col. Robinson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1777; service, 5 mos., on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Atkins, Robert. Private, Capt. Caleb Turner's co. ; service, 3 mos., from June 10 to 
Sept. 10, 1776. 

Atkins, Robert. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached from 
Boston regt. to do duty for 5 weeks, under Maj. Gen. Heath, agreeable to order 
of Council of May 7, 1777. 

Atkins, Robert. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton ; engaged July 28, 1777 ; discharged Sept. U, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Atkins, Robert. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's rest, of 
guards ; enlisted July 15, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 27 days, 
at Boston and Cambridge; reported drafted, for 6 months. 

Atkins, Samuel, Great Barrington. Private, 6th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Isaac Warren's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return dated Camp at Valley Forge, 
Jan. 24, 1778; also, Capt. George Dunham's (8th) co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return 
of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Atkins, Shukael, Truro. Private, Cajjt. Benjamin Godfrey's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 
14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at South Kingston, R. I. Roll 
dated Boston Neck. 

Atkins, Thomas. List of men who refused to march on a secret expedition to Rhode 
Island, as returned by Col. Jabez Hatch of the Boston regt., dated Boston, Sept. 
29, 1777. 

Atkins, Thomas, Jr. List of men who refused to march on a secret expedition to 
Rhode Island, as returned by Col. Jabez Hatch of the Boston regt., dated Boston, 
Sept. 29, 1777. 

Atkins, Uriah. Captain; petition asking for the exchange of said Atkins, a prisoner 
at New York ; granted in Council, Aug. 12, 1777 ; also, list of prisoners returned 
in exchange for prisoners sent to New York in the cartel "Favorite" as reported 
by Robert Pierpont, Commissary ; exchanged for Capt. John Johnston. 

Atkins, William. Private, Capt. Thomas Hamilton's co. ; enlisted July 7, 1775; 
service, 6 mos. 10 days, in Barnstable Co. 



334 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atkins. William. Private, Capt. Hancock's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 10, 1778; 
credited to town of North Yarmouth ; enlistment, 3 years; reported deceased; 
also, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Vose's rest. ; muster roll dated Camp at 
Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; enlisted Feb. 26, 1777. 

Atkins, William. Private, Capt. Nathan Basset's co., Maj. Zenath Winslow's regt.; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Atkins, William. Private, Capt. William Fletcher's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 5, 1778; discharged Oct. 1, 1778; service, 30 daj's ; marched 
on an alarm by order of Gen. Lincoln. [See William Watkins.] 

Atkinson, . [This name also appears under the form of Adcison, Adkins, Adkin- 

son, Adkison, Atchinson, Atchison, Atkerson, Atkins, Atkison, Atkisson.] 

Atkinson, Amos. Private, Capt. Moses Little's co., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 5 days. 

Atkinson, Amos, Newbury. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Timothy Bernard's co.. Col. Little's 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 27, 1775; also. Ensign, 
Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., Col. Moses Little's (Essex Co.) regt-; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia [year not given] ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's 
CO., Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; also, company return [probalily Oct., 1775] ; age, 
23 yrs. ; also, receipt for wages for IJ mos. service at Rhode Island, under Maj. 
William Rogers, dated Newbury, Jan. 25, 1779. 

Atkinson, Anthony. List of men belonging to the ship "Thomas," commanded by 
Capt. Francis Boardman [year not given] ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, 
black. 

Atkinson, Cornelius, Glass Works (Lee). Private, Capt. Dibble's co., Col. Pater- 
son's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Atkinson, Edward. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; engaged Dec. 5, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. ; reported captured May 5, 1781. 

Atkinson, English, Blandford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
(late) Capt. AVilliam Knox's (6th) co., 3d Hampshire Co. regt., dated March 29, 
1779 ; enlisted for town of Blandford ; joined Capt. Bryant's co., Col. Crane's regt. ; 
enlistment, during war; reported a seafaring man; also, Matross, Capt. Bryant's 
CO., Col. Mason's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 1777-79 [no service 
given]; reported deserted; also, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co., Col. John 
Crane's regt.; muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Springfield; reported sick and 
absent ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atkinson, James. Corporal, Capt. John Wendell's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(IstNew York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Atkinson, John. Private, Capt. Moses Little's co., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 5 days. 

Atkinson, John. Boatswain's Mate, sloop " Republic," commanded by Capt. John F. 
Williams; engaged June 9, 1776; reported deserted Sept. 9, 1776. 

Atkinson, John, Newbury. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Paul Moody's co.. Col. Timothy 
Pickering's regt. ; list of men in service in Dec, 1776, as returned by Brig. Michael 
Farley, dated Ipswich, Dec. 24, 1776 ; marched through Providence to Danbury, 
Conn. 

Atkinson, John. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids ; pay roll for ser- 
vice from July 24, 1778, to Aug. 22, 1778, dated Boston ; reported disdiarged Aug. 
22, 1778. 



I 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 335 

Atkinson, John, Boston. Capt. Joshua Brown's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
certificate of enlistment given by Lieut. James Perkins, dated Boston, May 19, 
1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster return dated Feb. 3, 1778 ; residence, Bos- 
ton; enlisted for town of Wilmington ; reported discharged. 

Atkinson, John. Seaman, Ijrig "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Haraden; 
engaged Oct. 1 [j-car not given] ; also, brigantine " Tj^rannicide," commanded by 
Capt. Jonathan Haraden ; pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1777, to June 27, 1778, 
7 mos. 27 days ; reported sick at Martinique. 

Atkinson, John, Maiden. Gunner, Capt. Treadwell's co., Col. John Crane's regt.; 
Continental Army paj- accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 2, 1780. 

Atkinson, John, PelhanT. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire Co. ; 
age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Pelham ; enlisted May 14, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atkinson, John, Shelburne. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army during 
1781-82, reported unfit for service; 9th regt.; age, 15 yrs.; stature, 4 ft. 10 in.; 
enlisted for town of Shelburne ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported disabled. 

Atkinson, Joshua, Brimfield. Private, Capt. "Webb's co.. Col. Sheppard's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from March 18, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
credited to town of Monson; also, Lieut. John Wright's (late Capt. Keep's) co. ; 
muster rolls for July, Aug. and Oct., 1778, dated Providence; reported taking 
care of the siclv in July and Aug. ; sick in hospital in Oct. ; also, pay abstract for 
month of Nov., 1778, sworn to at Providence; also, return dated Providence, 
Dec. 8, 1778; reported on furlough; also, Capt. Holebrook's co., Col. Shepard's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780. 

Atkinson, Josiah, Framingham. Drummer, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge ; service, 14 daj-s. 

Atkinson, Matthias. Private, Capt. Moses Little's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Caml)ridge; service, 5 days. 

Atkinson, Moses, Buxton. Sergeant, Capt. John Lane's co., 10th regt.; enlisted May 
24, 1775; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 5 mos. 20 daj's; also, pay roll 
for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days; roll dated Cape Ann; 
also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Lane's (2d) co. ; list of sea coast ofllcers at Gloucester; 
commissioned Dec. 30, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Lane's co.. Col. Foster's 
regt.; pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1776, to Feb. 15, 1776, 1 mo. 15 days; sta- 
tioned at Cape Ann; also, Capt. Josiah Davis's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's (York 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 22, 1780 ; service, 7 mos. 17 days ; enlistment, 8 months ; 
regiment raised for defence of eastern Massachusetts ; reported appointed Adjutant 
Aug. 22, 1780. 

Atkinson, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, in 
Northern department. 

Atkinson, Obadiah. Seaman ; list of prisoners exchanged from port of Halifax by 
order of Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777; reported taken in a trading vessel. 

Atkinson, Robert. 2d Lieutenant, ship " Charming Sally," commanded by Capt. 
Alexander Holmes; return dated Boston, Aug. 29, 1779. 

Atkinson, Theodore, Buxton. Private, Capt. Josiah Davis's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's 
(York Co.) regt.; enlisted May 6, 1780; discharged Dec. 8, 1780; service, 7 mos. 
3 days ; enlistment, 8 months ; regiment raised for defence of eastern Massa- 
chusetts. 



33G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atkinson, Theodore, Newbury. Return of men raised ajjreeable to resolve of Dee. 2, 
1780; enlisted June 2, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 1st co. ; order for 
3 months wages dated Oct. 28, 1783. 

Atkinson, Tuo^rAS. Private, Capt. John Elden's co. ; service, 4 days, on an alarm at 
Falmouth on the day it was set on fire l)y the enemy ; marched to assist in i)re- 
venting the enemy's landing; roll dated Buxton, Dec. 14, 177.'j. 

Atkinson, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Elden's co. ; service, 1^ days ; marched to 
Biddeford " on an express " from Col. Tristram Jordan, sent in consequence of 
armed vessels appearing to be coming into Winter Harbor; roll dated Buxton, 
Dec. 14, 177o. 

Atkinson, Thomas, Buxton. Private, Lieut. Daniel Wheelwright's co. ; pay abstract 
for travel allowance, etc., allowed in Council, Aug. 19, 1776; also, Capt. John 
Wentwortli's co.. Col. Aaron Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance 
from Buxton to Bennington, dated Boston, Jan. 6, 1777; also, 'peiv al)stract for 
travel allowance from Fort Edward to Buxton, dated Boston, Jan. 15, 1777. 

Atkinson, Thomas. Private, Capt. Amos Cogswell's co.. Col. James Wesson's regt. ; 
muster return for the year 1777 and to Jan. 25, 1778 ; reported died Feb. 28, 1777. 

Atkinson, Thomas. Armorer, ship " Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson; 
engaged May 20, 1780; service, 5 mos. 4 days; reported deceased. 

Atkinson, William, Salem. Private, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Hutchinson's 
regt.; return of men in service in 1776; enlistment, 12 months; reported deserted. 

Atkinson, William, North Yarmouth. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co. ; pay 
abstract for travel alh)wance dated Watertown, Aug. 20, 1776 ; also, return of men 
eidisted into Continental Army from Capt. Edward Russell's (2d) co., Col. Jona- 
than Mitchell's (2d Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Dec. 9, 1777; joined Capt. 
Jeremiah Hill's co.. Col. Yose's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atkinson, William. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from 
Halifa\to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Atkison, Timothy. Corporal, Capt. Ebenezer Winshijj's (4th) co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) 
regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, 
receipt for wages dated Camp Mt. Washington, Sejit. 30, 1776; also, receipts for 
M'ages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776 ; also, return of men in service in Jan., 1777, 
dated Springfield; also, order for wages dated Salem, March 6, 1777. 

Atkisson, Timothy. Corporal, Capt. BL-njaniin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted July 11, 
1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days; stationed at Salem. 

Atling, Isaac, Framingham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; 
age, 22 3'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; l)air, light; eyes, light; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Framingliani ; enlisted March 13, 1782; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Atlhick, Gkouoe, Pepperell. Private, Cajit. Nutting's co., Col. Prescott's regt.; 
company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 2, 177r). 

Atsatt, John. Drummer, Capt. Benjamin Smith's co. ; pay rolls for service from June 
1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 5 mos. 21 days; stationed at Martha's Yineyard. 

Atsatt, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Smith's co. ; pay rolls for service from 
June 1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 5 mos. 21 da\-s ; stationed at Martha's A'ineyard. 

Atsetts, John, Hatfield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25. 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 337 

Atsetts, Joseph, Hatfield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Attea, . Private, Lieut. Andrew Oilman's co. of Indians ; service, 3 days, at Penob- 
scot, between July 15 and Aug. 21, 1779. 

Atteaxis, , Jr. Private, Lieut. Andrew Oilman's co. of Indians; service, 6 days, 

at Penobscot, between July 15 and Aug. 21, 1779. 

Attell, William, Lynn. Private, Capt. Gallusha's co.. Col. Woodbridge's (25th) 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Atteltox, James. CaXnn Boy, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John F. Williams ; service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Feb. 17, 1777; also, brigantine 
"Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John Fisk ; service from Feb. 17, 1777, 
to Oct. 16, 1777. 

Attequix, Solomox. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co., Lieut. Col. Hallet's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1780; discharged Nov. 2, 1780; service, 2 mos. 19 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Attersox, James, Boston. Seaman; list of prisoners brought from Rhode Island on 
the second trip, dated Boston, Jan. 23, 1777 ; reported taken in the " Viper." 

Atthertox, Joxathax, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. Da-\id 
Field's regt.; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Bennington, in Aug., 1777. 

Atthizer, George. Private, Capt. Charles Parsons's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlist- 
ment, during war; reported deserted March 31, 1781 ; joined April 27, 1781. 

Attkixs, Amos. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 13, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 14, 1778 ; service, 5 mos. 4 days. 

Attkixs, James, Truro. Private, Capt. Winslow Lewis's co. ; pay abstract for travel 
allowance to and from Camp at Cambridge, dated Jan. 13, 1776. 

Attlebee, . Order dated Aug. 4, 1777, given by Capt. John Walton to the train 

baud of his company, to be ready to march at a moment's notice with 6 days 
provisions. 

Attood, Amos. Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. David Cobb's (5th) regt. ; 
muster roll for Feb., 1783; reported succeeded by Aaron Barnes. 

Attset, Johx, Conway. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 55 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; residence, Conway; arrived at Springfield 
July 16, 1780 ; marched to camp July 16, 1780, under command of Capt. Zebulon 
King ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Conway for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 15, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 5, 
1780 ; service, 4 mos. 28 days ; also, Private, Capt. John Fuller's co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's (14th) regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780. 

Attset, Joseph, Conway. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 

5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light ; residence. Concord; arrived at Springfield July 16, 
1780; marched to camp July 16, 1780, under command of Capt. Zebulon King; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Conway for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 15, 1780; discharged Dec. 15, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 8 days; also, Fifer, Capt. John Fuller's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's (14th) regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780. 

Attwell, Zachariah, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Joseph Killer's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Titcomb's regt. ; enlisted June 11, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 11, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 

6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Providence, R. I. 



338 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Attwill, William, Lynn. Private, Capt. EleazerLindsey'sco., commanded by Lieut. 
Daniel Gallusha, Col. Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, ITT-i; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; aho, Capt. Lind- 
sey's CO., Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt. ; order for adA'ance pay dated Maiden, Aug. 
3. 1775. 

Attwill, William. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service, 10 days, from July 2 to July VI, 1778. Roll dated Camp at 
Winter Hill. 

Attwood, Akiel, Berkley. Private, Capt. Daniel Drake's co., Col. Drury's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 3, 1781; arrived in camp Sept. 11, 1781; discharged 
Nov. 17, 1781 ; arrived home Nov. 27, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days ; marched to 
North River. 

Attwooi), Abner. Fifer, Capt. Thomas Samson's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.. 
Gen. Palmer's brigade; service, 1 mo. 2 days, from Sept. 25 to Oct. 27, 1777, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched on a secret expedition against Newport. 

Attwood, Charles. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's co., Col. Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 11 days, between April 6 and April 20, 1777. 

Attwooi), David, Wellfieet. Private, Capt. Winslow Lewis's co. ; pay abstract for 
travel allowance to and from camp at Cambridge, dated Jan. 13, 1776. 

Att-wooI), Ebenezek. Private, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co., Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 25, 1777 ; discharged April 10, 1777 ; marched on an expedition to 
Ticonderoga. 

Attwooi), Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Peter Proctor's co., Lieut. Col. Williams's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days; marched 
to reinforce Northern army. 

AxTwoon, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. John Hathaway's (Bris- 
tol Co.) regt.. Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on 
the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Attwood, Freeman, Eastham. Private, Capt. Samuel King's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; pay rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos. 4 days, 
at Hull. 

Attwood, George. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston ; engaged July 21, 1777 ; pay rolls made up to June 24, 1778. 

Attwood, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 6 days, on an 
alarm ; marched to Dartmouth. 

Attwood, Isaac, Warwick. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 montlis, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Warwick ; arrived at S])ringlield 
July 6, 1780; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Taylor of 
2d Mass. Line. 

Attwood, Isaac. Muster Master's return dated South lladley, signed by Noah Good- 
man, April 18, 1781 ; enlisted for the town of Sout'li Hadley ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Attwood, James, Oxford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Oxford; arrived at Springfield 
July 3, 1780; marched to camp July 5, 1780, under command of Capt. Frothing- 
ham of the artillery. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 339 

Attwood, Johx. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's cc, Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 2'), 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days; 
marched on a secret expedition to Newport, R. I. 

Attwood, Johx. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's (Bristol 
Co.) rejrt.. Brig. Gen. Godfre.v's brigade; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on the 
alarm of Ang. 2, 1780 ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Attwood, Joseph, Plympton. Sergeant, Capt. William Attwood's co.. Col. Warren's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 2 
days. 

Attwood, Joseph, Oxford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June '), 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Oxford; arrived at Springfield 
July 3, 1780; marched to camp July o, 1780, under command of Capt. Frothing- 
ham of the artillery. 

Attwood, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Abiel Whitmarsh's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; marched to Tiverton July 29, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 3 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Attwood, Levi. Private, Capt. Thomas Samson's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island March 14, 1781 ; discharged March 17, 
1781 ; service, 3 da.vs. Roll dated Plympton. 

Attwood, Micah. Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's (16th) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 6, 1775. 

Attwood, Nathaniel, Plympton. Private, Capt. William Attwood's co.. Col. War- 
ren's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 

2 days. 

Attavood, Philip. Private, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas Sears's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; serAice, 

3 mos. 2 days; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

Attwood, Richard, Cape Cod. List of prisoners discharged from the prison ships at 
Rhode Island and sent to Boston in the schooner " Speedwell," by Josiah 
Godfrey, Aug. 6, 1777. 

Attwood, Solomon. 3d Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
6 days; marched on a secret expedition to Newport, R. I. 

Attwood, Stephen. Private, Capt. S. Nelson's co., Col. Willard's regt. ; pay abstracts 
for travel allowance from Fort Edward to Plympton via Albany, allowed in 
Council, Jan. 28, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for travel allowance from Plympton 
to Skeensborough via No. 4 or Charlestown, dated Boston, Jan., 1777. 

Attwood, Stephen, Cape Elizabeth. Private, Capt. Samuel Dunn's co., Col. Edmund 
Phinney's (31st) regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment, Maj- 18, 1775, to 
date of marching to headquarters, July 11, 1775, equivalent to 54 days; a/so, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Attwood, Sylvester. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.. Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade ; service, 7 days, at Rhode 
Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Attwood, William, Plympton. Captain of a co. in Col. Warren's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 2 days. 

Attwood, William. Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's (16th) 
regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 
6, 1775. 



34:0 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Att-wood, "Williaji. Seaman, brigantine "Nantes," commanded by Capt. Corbin 
Barnes ; engaged April 3, 1777 [service not given] . 

Attwooi), Zknas. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co.. Col. Titconib's regt. ; enlisted 
April 28, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 4 days, at Rhode Island. Koll dated Halifax. 

Atward, Joshva. List of deserters from Col. Michael Jackson's (9th) regt., dated 
Jan. 25, 1781; age, 25 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; 
occupation, carpenter; birthplace, Pclham, N. H. ; residence, Middlesex Co.; 
enlistment, 3 years ; deserted Dec, 1778. 

Atavater, Caleb. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Julyl, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 31 days; 
company detached from Berkshire Co. regt. to reinforce Continental Army at 
Ticonderoga ; also, pay roll for 6 days service from Aug. 14 to Aug. 19, 1777 ; 
company detached to reinforce army at Bennington. 

Atwatek, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 20 
days; marched to Bennington by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows and Committee of 
Safety at the request of Gen. Stark. 

Atwell, . [This name also appears under the form of Alwell, Atwill, Attell, 

Attwell, AttwilL] 

Atwell, Hezekiah, Becket. lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Peter Porter's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; joined Capt. Ashley's co.. Col. 
Vose's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Moses Ashley's co., Col. 
Joseph Vose's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 
1777, to Sept. 21, 1778; reported deceased; also, return of men in service before 
Aug. 16, 1777, who marched to Peekskill ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Vallej' 
Forge, Jan. 6, 1778. 

Atwell, Johx, "Westminster. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Bigelow's co.. 
Col. Rand's regt.; age, 20 j'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; occupa- 
tion, cooper; residence, Westminster; enlisted June 30, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atwell, Joseph, Stoneham. Private, Capt. Samuel Sprague's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service [illegible] . 

Atwell, Nathax, Lynn. Sergeant, Capt. Rufus Mansfield's (4th) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2 days. 

Atwell, Thomas. Fifcr, Capt. A. Richardson's co.. Col. "Wade's (Essex Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 12, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days. 

Atwell, "William, Lynn. Private ; list of men who served at Concord battle and 
elsewhere belonging to Lynn, now called Lj'nn, Lynntield and Saugus ; also, 
Capt. Daniel Gallusha's co.. Col. Benjamin Ruggles Wood))ridge's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Maiden, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Atwell, "William. Private, Capt. John Devereux's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 3, 1778; discharged July 3, 1778; service, 5 mos. 3 days, at 
Cambridge; also, muster roll for Jan., 1778, dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Atwell, Zachariah, Lynn. Private, Capt. Rufus Mansfield's (4th) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 2 days. 

Atwell, Zachariah. Private, Capt. Joseph Hiller's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; service, 
2 mos. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island, from June 11, 1777, to Aug. 11, 1777; 
reported remained in camp under Lieut. John Watts. 

Atwhood, James, Oxford. Pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Oxford for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 9, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 9, 1781 ; service, G mos. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 341 



Atwhood, Joseph, Oxford. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Oxford for 

service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 9, 1780 ; discharged 
Jan. 9, 1781 ; service, 6 nios. 

Atwill, Thomas, Lynn. Private; list of men who served at Concord battle and else- 
where belonging to Lynn, now called Lynn, Lynnfield and Saugus. 

Atwoi), Barnabas. Sergeant, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; 
marched Sept. 9, 1778, on an alarm to Falmouth ; service, 4 days. 

Atwod, Hezekiah. Private, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
marched Sept. 9, 1778, on an alarm to Falmouth; service, 4 days. 

Atwou, Richard. Pri^^ate, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
marched Sept. 9, 1778, on an alarm to Falmouth ; service, 4 days. 

Atwood, . [This name also appears under the form of Atward, Atwhood, Atwod, 

Attood, Attwood.] 

Atwood, . Sailor, schooner "Edward," commanded by Capt. Samuel Arnold; 

portage bill for voyage from Boston to Virginia; engaged Jan. 1, 1777; dis- 
charged Jan. 26, 1777. 

Atwood, Abiel, Rochester. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Rochester 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 6, 1780 ; discharged 
Dec. 5, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. 

Atwood, Abiel, Berkley. Private, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co., Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 13, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Feb. 13, 1780 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 24 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Berkley; arrived at Springfield 
July 7, 1780; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2.'5, 1780 ; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised Iw the town of Berkley for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780; marched to West Point July 3, 1780; discharged Dec. 
10, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 17 days ; also, Capt. Redding's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; 
muster roll for July, 1780, dated Steenrapie ; reported on command with wagoners. 

Atwood, Amos. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; service, 2 mos. 17 days, between April 2 and July 2, 1778, at Camlmdge ; 
also, pay roll for 10 days service from July 2 to July 12, 1778, at Cambridge. 

Atwood, Amos. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Haverhill to serve in the 
Continental Array for the term of 3 years, dated April 10, 1781 ; also. Private, 
Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; muster roll for 
May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted March 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 .years; also, 
muster rolls for June and Jul}-, 1781, dated Camp near Doljbs's Ferry; reported 
sick in hospital; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill; also, 
muster rolls for Sept., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated Garrison at West Point ; reported 
on command at the Lines in Feb. ; also, muster rolls for March, 1782-Jan., 1783 ; 
reported on command at Stanford in March, at Stony Point in May. 

Atwood, Bangs. Private, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 30, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 24 .days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Newport. 

Atwood, Bangs, Harwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Abijah Bangs's co., 2d Barnstable Co. regt., dated Feb. 24, 1778; joined Capt. G. 
Webb's CO., Col. Shephard's regt. ; enlistment, 8 months, to expire Jan. 10, 1778; 
reported deceased. 



3^2 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atwooi), Barnabas. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Maj. Zenas "Winslow's (2d 
Barnstable Co.) regt. ; service, 7 days, on alarms at Bedford and Falmouth, in 
Sept., 1778. 

Atwood, Benjamin-, Bradford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. John Savory's co., dated Feb. 13, 1778; residence, Bradford ; enlisted for 
town of Bradford (East Parish) ; joined Capt. Samuel Carr's co.. Col. James 
"Wesson's regt. ; enlistment, during war; also, Private, Capt. Carr's co.. Col. Wes- 
son's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 17, 1777, to 
Sept. 5, 1778 ; reported died Sept. 5, 1778. 

Atwood, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 9, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; en- 
listment, 3 months; company detached from Col. Dana's regt. to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army; stationed near West Point, N. Y. 

Atwood, Caleb, Plympton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Shaw's co.. Col. James War- 
ren's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
2 days. 

Atwood, Caleb. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co., Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; 
marched Aug. 1, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Atwood, Charles. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John Waterman's regt.; 
service, 19 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Atwood, David, Barnstable. Private, Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; enlisted June 1, 
1777 ; discharged June 18, 1777, as unfit for service ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atwood, David, Boston (also given Cohasset). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Obadiah Beals's co., dated Cohasset, Feb. 16, 1778; 
residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Cohasset; joined Capt. Langdon's (also 
given Capt. Jarvis's) co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atwood, Ebenezer, Eastham (also given Wellfleet) . Corporal, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's 
CO., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; pay alistract for advance pay, mileage, etc., 
made up at Boston, June 17, 1776 ; also, pay rolls for service from June 6, 1776, 
to Dec. 1, 1776. 

Atwood, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
from Wellfleet on an alarm to Falmouth, Sept. 10, 1778, by order of Brig. Jos. 
Otis ; service, 2 days. 

Atwood, Ebenezer. Petition dated Boston, Jan. 1'), 1783, signed I)y Henry Mitchell, 
asking that said Atwood be commissioned as commander of the brigantine 
"James" (privateer) ; granted in Council, Jan. 15, 1783. 

Atwood, Eldad. List of men drafted for Continental service for 8 months, dated May 
15, 1777. 

Atwood, Eldad, Medway. List of men in service at various times subsequent to 
April 19, 1775, dated April 13, 1778. 

Atwood, Eldad. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted Dec. 10, 1777; discharged March 1, 1778; service, '2 mos. 
22 days, at Dorchester. 

Atwood, Eleazer, Wellfleet. List of men drafted to serve in the Continental Army 
[year not given] ; reported paid Ijounty in lieu of service. 

Atwood, Elias. Marine, brigantine " Hawk," commanded by Capt. Jonathan Oakes; 
engaged May 3, 1777 ; discharged June 3, 1777 ; service, 1 mo., with the fleet under 
Commodore John Manley. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 343 

Atwood, Elisha, Eastham. Private, Capt. Solomon Higgins's co. ; enlisted July 13, 
1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1773; service, 6 mos. 3 days; also, Corporal, Capt. 
Isaiah Higgins's co., Col. Tiiomas Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract for advance 
pay, mileage, etc., from June 6, 1776, made up at Boston, June 17, 1776. 

Atwood, Elisha. Seaman, sloop "Republic," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams ; engaged June 22, 1776 ; discharged at Boston Nov. 18, 1776 ; service, 
4 mos. 27 days. 

Atwood, Elisha. Marine, brigantine "Hawk," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Oakes; service from May 3 to June 3, 1777, with the fleet under Commodore 
John Mauley. 

Atwood, Ephraim, Dighton. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. Pope's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; service, 12 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; also, 
Capt. James Nickols's co., Col. John Dagget's regt.; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; dis- 
charged April 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 
3 months; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 19, 1778; Capt. 
Walker's co.. Col. Edward Pope's (2d) regt.; age, 41 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; 
complexion, dark; hair, black; eyes, black; residence, Dighton (also given 
Rehoboth) ; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; 
mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master; also, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. 
Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (12th) regt. ; pay roll for Dec, 1778. 

Atwood, Freemax, Eastham. Private, Capt. Samuel King's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; service, 2 mos. 8 days, from May 23, 1776, to Aug. 1, 1776, at Hull ; 
also, list of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of wages, dated 
Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Atwood, Freeman. Seaman, brigantine "Hawk," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Oakes ; service from May 3 to June 3, 1777, with the fleet under Commodore John 
Manlej'. 

Atwood, George. Mariner, sloop " Swift," commanded by Capt. John Wigglesworth ; 
service, 3 mos. 14 days ; portage bill dated Plymouth, Sept. 10, 1776 ; engaged 
May 27, 1776; discharged Sept. 10, 1776. 

Atwood, George. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston; engaged June '22, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 6 mos. 
9 days. 

Atwood, Gideon. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co. ; enlisted Feli. 12, 1776; roll 
made up to Feb. 29, 1776 ; service, 17 days ; also, pay rolls for service from May 
31, 1776, to Nov. 22, 1776, 5 mos. 22 days; stationed at Truro. 

Atwood, Hezekiah. Private, Capt. Silas Goodrich's co.. Col. John Ashle.y's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched by order of Gen. Gates, Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 
19, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day; also, Capt. Jeremiah Hickok's co.. Col. Elisha 
Porter's (Berkshire Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Sears ; enlisted Aug. 
6, 1781; discharged Nov. 8, 1781; service, 3 mos. 7 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Atwood, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt.; 
marched Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Atwood, Isaac, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 7 days. 

Atwood, Isaac, Abington. Private, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay roll for 5 mos. service from July 31, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777. 

Atwood, Isaac, Warwick. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Rich's (also given 
Capt. Procter's) co.. Col. Williams's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; hair, 
brown ; residence, Warwick ; received at Springfield July 19, 1779, by Capt. James 



344 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILOKS 

Atavood, Isaac, continued. 

Cooper; enlistment, 9 months; also, Capt. Redding's co., Col. Bradford's (14th) 
regt. ; enlisted July 1.5, 1779 ; discharged April 14, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months ; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as liaving passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2."), 1780 ; also, 
Colonel's co., 6th regt.; pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1780, to Dec. 11, 1780, 
4 mos. 11 days ; marched July 2, 1780, to West Point ; also, Private, Colonel's co., 
commanded by Lieut. Peter Clayes, Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; pay abstract 
for July, 1780; enlisted July 6, 1780; also, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Benjamin Pike, Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts for Aug.-Dec, 1780. 

Atwood, Isaac, "Warwick. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Warwick; 
enlisted April 18, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atwood, Isaac, Boston. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted Aug. 28, 1781. 

Atwood, Jacob, Dracut. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Russell's co. ; age, 
17 yrs.; stature, » ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Dracut; enlistment, 
3 months from time of arrival at Claverack ; also, Private, Capt. Amos Fos- 
ter's CO., Col. Cyprian Howe's regt.; enlisted July 8, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 3 days; company detached from 7th Middlesex Co. regt. to 
reinforce Continental Army; marched to Fishkill. 

Atwood, Jamf.s. Private, Capt. Josiah W' ilder's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 29 days, at Saratoga. 

Atwood, James. Private, Capt. AVilliam Tucker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 12, 1778; discharged July 30, 1778; service, 20 days, including time 
to return home. 

Atwood, jA^rus. Private, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
marched to Falmouth on an alarm Sept. 9, 1778 ; service, 4 days. 

Atwood, James, Templeton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co., Col. John Jacobs's 

regt. ; enlisted June 27, 1778 ; service, 6 mos. 9 days ; also, Capt. Elisha Jackson's 

• CO.; muster roll dated Middleton, R. I., Aug. 27, 1778; also, Capt. Edgell's co.. 

Col. Jacobs's regt. ; nmster roll for Jan. -Aug., 1778, dated Freetown ; enlistment 

to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated Freetown. 

Atwood, Jamks. Private, Capt. Samuel Hamant's co., Cul. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Atwood, James, Oxford. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 2"), 1780; also. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (lltli) 
regt.; muster roll for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated Hntts near West Point; enlisted 
July 3, 1780; enlistment, G months; also, Capt. Retiben Davis's co., Col. Luke 
Drurj^'s regt.; enlisted July 17, 1781; arrived at West Point Aug. 1, 1781; 'dis- 
charged Oct. 22, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 13 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Atwood, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 2, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 2, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Atwood, Jesse, Bradford. Private, Capt. John Savory's (2d) co.. Col. Samuel John- 
son's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Cambridge; returned home April 23, 1775; service, 4:J days; also, pay 
roll for 5 days service from Nov. 30 to Dec. t, 1775; company detached from 2d 
foot CO. in Bradford for defence of Cape Ann. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. :U5 

Atwood, Jesse, "Westfield. Private, Capt. Warham Parks's co., Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
4 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported detached to go to 
Quebec; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Dec. 30, 1775. 

Arwoou, Jesse, Monson. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; age, 
17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark ; hair, dark; birthplace, Killingly, 
Conn. ; residence, Monson ; enlisted April 4, 1781 ; joined Capt. llufus Lincoln's 
CO., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. 
Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West 
Point; also, muster rolls for June, July and Aug., 1781; reported on command 
at "West Point; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; also, muster roll for Oct. and 
Nov., 1781 ; reported on command with Col. Jemmison ; also, muster rolls for Dec, 
1781, and Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated "West Point; also, list of men furloughed; 
leave given by Col. "V'ose to go from New Windsor to Middleborongh Feb. 25, 
1783, for 49 days; overstayed 35 days on account of sickness; also, Hit of de- 
serters ; deserted from furlough April 18, 1783 ; joined at New Windsor May 20, 
1783; also, list of men discharged; discharged June 13, 1783, by Gen. Washing- 
ton ; reported "officer's servant." 

Atwood, John, Plympton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Shaw's co., Col. James War- 
ren's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; ser- 
vice, 2 days. 

Atwood, John, Templeton. Capt. Jonathan Holman's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 daj's; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Atwood, John, Templeton. Private, Capt. Nathan Hamilton's co.. Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; pay abstract for service from Aug. 3 to Sept. 30, 177(i, 1 mo. 29 
days; also, receipt for wages for Oct., 1776, dated Ticonderoga Mills; also, pay 
abstract for mileage from Fort Edward home, dated Brookfield, Feb. 6, 1777. 

Atwood, Johx. Petition dated Boston, May 3, 1777, signed by S. Sampson and others, 
asking that said Atwood be commissioned as commander of sloop "American" 
(privateer) ; granted in Council, May 3, 1777. 

Atwood, John. Private, Capt. Josiah Wilder's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 10 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 

Atwood, John, Hampstead. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778 ; age, 33 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; enlisted for town of Salem. 

Atwood, John, Templeton. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted June 27, 1778; service, 6 mos. 9 days; also, Capt. Elisha Jackson's 
CO.; muster roll dated Middleton, R. I., Aug. 27, 1778; also, Capt. Edgell's co.. 
Col. Jacobs's regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1778, dated Freetown; enlistment 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated Freetown. 

Atwood, John. Mariner, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Thomas; 
engaged June 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition to Penobscot. 

Atwood, John. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
May 27, 1778 ; discharged Jan. 31, 1779 ; service, 8 mos. 5 days ; company raised 
for defence of North River; also, Capt. Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages dated Templeton, June 8, 
1782. 



346 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Axwoon, John, Jr., Templeton. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knolton's co., Col. Nathan 
Sparlmwk's retrt., which inarched on tlie alarm of April 19, 177"), to Cambridge; 
service, 4 days; also, Capt. Jonathan Holman's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
regt. ; company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 177'j ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 21, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Josiah Wilder's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; dis- 
charged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 10 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Atwood, Jonah. Report of 4 months wages allowed in a memorandum of orders 
accepted on account of wages [year not given]. 

Atwood, Joseph, Haverhill. Trivate, Capt. Richard Ayer's co., Col. Johnson's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Atwood, Joseph, Berkley. Private, Capt. Joseph Ball's co.. Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 3 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
stationed at Warren, R. I. 

Atwood, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 27 days; also, Corporal, Capt. Smith's 
CO. ; pay roll for 17 days service from Feb. 12 to Fel). 29, 1776, dated Truro ; also, 
pay roll for service from May 31, 1776, to Aug. 31, 1776, 3 mos.; also, Sergeant; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 31, 1776, to Nov. 22, 1776, 2 mos. 22 days. 

Atwood, Joseph, Dighton. Private, Capt. James Briggs's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 2, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 
1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days. 

Atwood, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. ; enlisted Jan. 27, 1778 ; discharged 
July 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 4 days; company detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties to guard stores and magazines at Brookfield and 
Springfield. 

Atwood, Joseph. Private, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co.. Col. Zenath Winslow's 
regt.; service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Atwood, Joseph. Seaman, schooner " Active," commanded by Capt. Andrew Gard- 
ner [no service given] ; roll dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778; also, brigantine " Active," 
commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; engaged June 13, 1770; discharged Aug. 31, 
1779 ; service, 2 mos. 19 days. 

Atwood, Josei'h. Private, Capt. William Tucker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 10, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 23 days, including 
time to return home. 

Atwood, Joseph, Oxford. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Pratt's co.. Col. 
Davis's regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, 
Oxford; mustered July 17, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; also, Capt. Redding's 
CO., 14th regt.; enlisted July 26, 1779; discharged April 25, 1780; enlistment, 9 
months ; also, list of men raised for tlie 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 
1780; also, Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., 14th regt. ; paj' roll for 2 mos. ser- 
vice, from Aug. 1, 1780, to Oct. 1, 1780; also, Capt. Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 
2, 1780; discharged Jan. 2, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Atwood, Joseph, Wellfleet. Capt. George Webb's co., Col. William Shepard's regt. ; 
enlistment, 8 months ; reported discharged [year not given] . 

Atwood, Joseph, Jr., Bradford. Private, Capt. John Savory's (2d) co.. Col. Samuel 
Johnson's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Camliridge; returned home April 23, 1775; service, 4:} days; also, 
Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. James Frye's regt.; company return dated 
Cambridge, Sept. 6, 1775. 



l>s^ THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 347 



Atwood Jos'h. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 13, 1/(6; 
discharged Nov. 8, 1776. 
Atwood, Jos'h. Mate, brig "Joseph;" list of prisoners sent on shore at Sheepscot 

River and Townsend from British ship " Rainbow," dated Sept. 12, 1< /7. 
Atwood JosurA. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on' an alarm from Wellfleet to Falmouth, Sept. 10, 1778, by order of Brig. Jos. 
Otis; service, 2 days. 
Atwood, Joshva, Dracut. Private, Capt. Varnum's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to Dec. 8, 17/8; 
reported deserted. 
Atwood Joshua, Templeton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah Wilder's co., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; jomed 
Capt. Morse's (also given Capt. Gates's) co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 
rears- also, Private, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from June 1, 1777, to Feb. 1, 1779; reported discharged 
and place taken by Thomas Atwood. 
Atwood, Josiah. Private, Capt. David Bent's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos, 2 days, at the Northward. 
Atwood, Micah (also given Michael) , Plymouth. Private, Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's 
CO., Col. Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 177o; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 
Atwood, Moses. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 9, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company detached from Col. Dana's regt. to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army ; stationed near West Point, N. Y. 
Atwood, Nathax, Oxford. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 16yrs.; stature, 4 
ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Oxford; enlisted 
Nov. 26, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 
Atwood, Paul, Bradford. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co.. Col. William Turner's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 26 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 5 months; company raised in Essex Co. 

Atwood, Pave. Private, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co. : warrant to pay officers and men 
dated March, 1783. 

Atwood, Philip. Private, Capt. John Boynton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 4 days, on an 
expedition to Bennington, under command of Col. Job Cushing. 

Atwood, Philip, Templeton. Private, Capt. William Henry's co.. Col. Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted May 5, 1777; discharged July 5, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 23, 
1778 ; Capt. Wilder's co., Col. Sparhawk's regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; 
complexion, dark; residence, Templeton; also, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. 
John Rand's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 13 days; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages dated 
Templeton, June 8, 1782. 

Atwood, Prince. Seaman, l)rigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton; engaged June 22, 1776; discharged Jan. 1, 1777; service, 6 mos. 9 days. 

Atwood, Samvel. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 27 days. 



348 IVIASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atwood, Samvel, Bradford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. John Savory's co., dated Feb. 13, 1778; residence, Bradford; enlisted for 
town of Bradford (East Parish) ; joined Capt. Samuel Carr's co., Col. James 
Weson's regt. ; enlistment, during war; also, Private, Cai)t. Carr's co., Col. 
Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 28, 1777, 
to Sept. 16, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 16, 1777. 

Atwood, Samuel, Wellfleet. Private, Capt. Joshua Eddy's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt. ; muster return dated Jan. 28, 1778; mustered by Perez Simons; 
reported "8 months dead." 

Atvvood, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; pay 
abstract for 13 days in Aug., 1778 ; also, pay abstract for 13 days in Sept., 1778. 

Atwood, Samuel, Oxford. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. in 
1779; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, ') ft. G in.; complexion, light; residence, Oxford; 
delivered to Ensign T. Clarke. 

Atwood, Samuel. Boy, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 6 mos. 12 days ; reported captured May 5, 1781. 

Atavood, Solomon, Plymouth. Piivate, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177."), to Marshtield; service, 7 days. 

Atwood, Stephen. Private, Capt. Tobias Lord's co. ; enlisted March 5, 1776; dis- 
charged Nov. 2"), 1776; ser>ice, 8 mos. 22 days; stationed at Falmouth, Cum- 
berland Co. 

Atavood, Stephen. List of men belonging to 1st co. of Rehoboth \vho served for 5 mos. 
at York, dated July, 1776. 

Atavood, Stephen, Cape Elizabeth (also given Falmouth). Capt. Samuel Dunn's co., 
Col. Edmund Pliinney's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camlnidge, Nov. 1, 1775; also, Capt. George White's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 1."), 1776 ; roll made uji for 96 days rations, to time of 
arrival at Bennington ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Joshua Jordan's (2d) co.. Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumljerland Co.) regt., 
dated Cape Elizabeth, Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. White's co.. Col. Francis's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, PriA-ate, Capt. White's co., Col. Benjamin Tup- 
per's regt. ; Continental Armj- paj- accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point. 

Atavood, Stephen, Cape Elizabeth. List of men serving in armed A-essels, etc., who 
were lost between 1776 and 1782; reported lost at sea. 

Atavood, Sylvester, Dighton. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. Pope's (Bris- 
tol Co.) regt. ; service, 9 daj^s, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Atavood, Thoaias. PriA'ate, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; Continen- 
tal Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported 
took place of Joshua Atwood; also, Capt. Gardner's co., Col. Putnam's regt.; 
Continental Army p^y accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to June 3, 1780. 

Atavood, AVait, Plymouth. PriA'ate, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., wliicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 11 days; also, Capt. 
Thomas Mayhew's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; «/«o, company return dated 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Atavood, Wait. List of men )jelonging to the lirigantine " Hazard " who received 
shoes taken from the prize ship " LiA-e Oak " [year not giA-en]. 

Atavood, Williaji. PriA-ate, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; 
return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 349 

Atwood, William, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Pelep Wadsworth's co.. Col. Cotton's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 
days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Atwood, Williaji. Seaman, brigantine " Nancy," commanded by Capt. Consider 
Howland (later "Nantes," Capt. Corbin Barnes); engaged Feb. 24, 1777; dis- 
charged April 2, 1777. 

Atwood, William, Bradford. Sergeant, Capt. James Mallon's co., Essex Co. regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 11, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at Castle 
Island, under command of Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Atwood, Zaccheus. Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Keyes's regt.; enlisted July 
10, 1777; pay abstract for bounty allowed for service from Oct. 10, 1777, to Jan. 
4, 1778, 2 mos. 25 days ; also, muster roll taken from July 10, 1777, to Dec. 22, 
1777, dated Providence, R. I. ; enlistment, 6 months. 

AuBix, . [This name also appears under the form of Aurburn.] 

AuBix, Philip. 2d Lieutenant, brigantine "Hancock" (privateer), commanded by 
Capt. Daniel McNiel; petition signed by Philip Moore and Archibald Mercer, 
asking that said McNiel be commissioned as commander of the "Hancock;" 
allowed in Council, Nov. 30, 1776. 

Ai'BiN, Philip. Mariner, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Thomas; 
engaged June 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition to Penobscot. 

AvBix, Solomon. Private, Capt. Benjamin Perkins's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. ; return 
of men in service in 1775. 

AiBix, Solomon, Newburyport. Return of men enlisted into Continental .\rmy from 
2d Essex Co. regt., dated Essex, Feb. 16, 1778 ; joined Capt. Moses Greenleaf's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. 
Greenleaf's co.. Col. Tupper's (10th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Feb. 21, 1777, to Oct. 4, 1778 ; reported died Oct. 4, 1778 ; also, muster 
return dated Jan. 25, 1778; reported taken prisoner at Hubelton. 

Audbert, Philip. Marine, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
nationality, American ; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in. ; engaged May 14, 1779 ; discharged 
Sept. 6, 1779; service, 3 mos. 24 days. 

AuDBiRT, Philip. Sergeant, Capt. Callender's co.. Col. John Crane's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from June 23, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; cred- 
ited to town of Weymouth; reported as serving 19 mos. 17 days as Corporal, 10 
mos. 21 days as Sergeant ; also. Corporal, Capt. William Perkins's co.. Col. 
Crane's regt. ; pay rolls for Sept.- Dec, 1777. 

AuDEBERT, . [This name also appears under the form of Audbert, Audlmrt, 

Audeburt, Audiburt.] 

AuDEBERT, . Lieutenant, Lieut. Col. Paul Revere's (Artillery) regt. ; return of 

officers for provisions from Sept. 7 to Nov. 7, 1778, dated Castle Island, May 8, 
1779. 

Aldebert, Isaiah, Boston. Bombardier, Capt. Callender's co.. Col. Richard Grid- 
ley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 5, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 1 day ; also, Quartermaster Sergeant, Lieut. William Perkins's 
CO., Col. Gridley's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, 
Capt. Philip Marett's (1st) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; service, 
1 mo., between Dec. 1, 1776, and Feb. 1, 1777; also, list of officers of Mass. 
militia; appointed Jan. 1, 1777; commissioned March 3, 1777; also, list of offi- 
cers whose resignations were accepted by Council, Feb. 26, 1779. 



3.")0 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



AuDEBERT, Isaiah. Receipt for wages for service to May 10, 1783, on frigate " Hague," 
commanded bj' Capt. John Manle}'. 

AvDEBERT, M. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. In- Nathaniel Barber, dated Boston, 
May 11, 1777; Col. Crane's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

ArDEBERT, Philip. Matross, Capt. Jonathan Stoddard's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; service, 2 mos., from May 8 to July 8, 1777. 

AuDEBERT, Philip. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel 
Ward's and Capt. Thomas Nash's cos., dated Weymouth, Jan. 2, 1778; enlisted 
for town of Weymouth ; joined Capt. William Perkins's co., Col. Crane's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years ; reported a foreigner. 

AuDEBVRT, Isaiah. Lieutenant, Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Feb. 26, 1779; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
David Bradlee's (9th) co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; pay abstract for 84 days service 
from time of enlistment to Aug. 1, 1777; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Winthrop 
Gray's co. ; pay roll for Jan. and Feb., 1779. 

AvDiBERT, Philip. Marine, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. J. Foster Wil- 
liams ; reported disabled by a ball in the vertebriB of the loins at Penobscot ; 
pensioned Aug. 14, 1779. 

AuDiBURT, Isaiah. Midshipman, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nichol- 
son; engaged Nov. 20, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 6 mos. 11 
days. 

AuERTON (?), Ti:motht, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgel's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge; service, 4 
days. 

Auger, . [This name also appears under the form of Orger.] 

AvGER, James, Stoughton. Private, Capt. William Briggs's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 
days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775. 

AvGix, ls.v.\c, Charlestown. Drummer, Capt. Joseph Williams's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 6, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Lynn. 

AuGUSTON, . Private, Lieut. Andrew Gilman's co. ; enlisted Oct. 12, 1776; dis- 
charged Jan. 22, 1778; service, 15 mos. 10 days; stationed at Penobscot River; 
reported an Indian. Roll dated Boston. 

At'orsTUs, . List of prisoners sent from Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be 

exchanged for British prisoners ; reported a negro. 

Augustus, C;esar. Receipt for bounty paid him by Abner Bailey of Class No. 1 of 
the town of Newbury, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Boston, April 24, 1782. 

Augustus, John, Salem. Gunner, brig "Union" (privateer), commanded liy Capt. 
Jonathan Gardner; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Nov. 3, 1780; age, 
29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, brown ; residence, Salem. 

AuLDEN, Barnabas. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Wells's regt.; 
enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

AuLDiN, Austin. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Bartholomew York's co.. Col. Edmund Phin- 
ney's regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 177G; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; reported promoted from Ensign to 2d Lieutenant, May 18, 1776; 
re-engaged Nov. 13, 1776, in Col. Brewer's regt.; also, Capt. John Rice's (3d) co. ; 
muster roll for Nov., 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 351 

AiLDREDGE, JOSEPH. Private, Capt. William Tupper's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 22 days, in May and June, 1777, at Rhode Island. 

AvLDKiDGE, Eli. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) reirt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 28, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 22, 1779 ; sen-ice, 1 mo. 1 day, at Claveraek. 

AuLDS, . [This name also appears under the form of Alld, AUds, Olds.] 

AuLDs, Moses. Private, Capt. Francis Willson's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 10, 1777; discharged Dec. 31, 1777; service, 4 mos. 20 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

AuiXDEN, John, Medvvay. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; service, 1 mo. 2 days, from Dec. 1, 1779, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

ArpAUMVT, Hendrick. Capt. William Goodrich's co., Col. John Paterson's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Stockbridge, Feb. 27, 1776. 

Aural, Richard. Receipt for bounty paid him by selectmen of Wells to serve in the 
Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated March 22, 1782. 

AuRBURX, Daniel. Corporal, Capt. Lemuel Stewart's co. ; pay abstract for 55 daj'S 
billeting; enlisted June 27, 1775. 

AusBEN, William, Tyringham. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Tyringham for service in the Continental Ai-my during 1780; marched July 1, 
1780; discharged Dec. 13, 1780; service, 5 mos. 17 days. 

AusBURN, William, Tj'ringham. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of 
Dec. 2, 1780; Capt. Lankton's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 25 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, black; occupation, laborer; 
residence, Tyringham; enlistment, 3 years. 

AusEREY, Leard. Private, Lieut. Andrew Oilman's co. ; service, 15 days, at Penoliscot 
River ; discharged Jan. 22, 1778, but did not receive notice of it until Feb. 7, 1778 ; 
reported an Indian. 

ArsGoon, Benjamin, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded bj' 
Lieut. Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
9 days. 

AusGooD, Joseph, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded by 
Lieut. Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
9 days. 

ArsiN, Amos. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Brookins's co., Lieut. Col. John Collar's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm to the Northward Oct. 13, 1781, by 
order of Col. John Ashley, Jr. ; service, 18 days. 

AvsKENSON, John, Marblehead. Man, ship "Franklin," commanded by Capt. John 
Turner; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Salem, Dec. 2, 1780; age, 17 
yrs.; complexion, light; residence, Marblehead; cruise began Aug. 8, 1780. 

Auskins, John. Marine, " Lincoln Galley," commanded by Capt. John Curtis ; en- 
gaged May 19, 1781 ; discharged June 20, 1781 ; service, 1 mo. 

Auskins, Robert. Lieutenant, "Lincoln Galley," commanded by Capt. John Curtis; 
engaged March 19, 1781 ; discharged July 23, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 4 days. 

Auskins, William. Mate, "Lincoln Galley," commanded by Capt. John Curtis; 
engaged April 1, 1781 ; discharged July 23, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days. 

Ausmore, James. Capt. Caleb Brooks's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for gun 
and blanket money allowed by resolve of Nov., 1776. 

AusMus, John. Gunner, Capt. Warner's co.. Col. Revere's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Nov. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 



352 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

ArsoNG, ScARD. Private, Lieut. Andrew Oilman's co. ; enlisted Nov. 29, 1776; dis- 
charged Jan. 22, 1778 ; service, 13 nios. 23 days, at Penobscot River. Roll dated 
Boston. 

AusTAi.v, Bailet. Sergeant, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 1'), 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days; 
marched to the Northward by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows at the time Forts Ann 
and George were taken l)y the enemy. 

Ai-STEN, Abiathar. Private, Capt. Epliraim Ilathaway's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt. ; service, 1 mo. 5 days, from July 20, 1777, to Aug. 24, 1777, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dighton. 

Austen, Asa, Taunton. Private, Capt. Ichabod Leonard's co., Col. John Ilathaway's 
regt. ; service, 22 days, in April, 1777, at Rhode Island ; marched to Ilowland's 
Ferry and Tiverton, R. I., by order of Brig. Gen. Godfrey. 

AvsTEN, Asa. Private, Cai)t. Jacob Haskins's co., Col. John Jacolis's regt. ; enlisted 
June 25, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Tiverton, R. I. 

Austen, Balky (also given Baly), Sheffield. Private, Capt. William Bacon's co., 
Col. Fellows's regt., wliich marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775 ; service, 17 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; aho, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 19, 1775. 

Austen, Balet (also given Bailey). Private, Lieut. Ephraim Grover's co.. Col. Isaac 
Dean's (4th Bristol Co.) regt.; marched Aug. 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 4 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780. Roll sworn to at 
Attleborough. 

Austen, Benjajiin. Private, Capt. Jolin Pray's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillipslmrgh; enlistment, 3 years. 

Austen, Benoni. Private, Capt. "William Lithgow's co. ; pay rolls for service from 
May 31, 1776, to Nov. 23, 1776, 5 mos. 23 days ; stationed at Falmoutli. 

Austen, Benoni, Brunswick. Capt. George White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1776 ; roll made up for 87<| days rations, to time of arrival at Ben- 
nington; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Jonathan 
Mitchell's (2d Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Dec. 10, 1777; joined Capt. George' 
White's CO., Col. Francis's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; returned by Maj. Larrabee ; 
also, Private, Cajjt. White's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll for 
March, 1779, dated West Point. 

Austen, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jal)ez West's co. ; enlisted July 4, 1776; discharged 
Dec. 6, 177G; service, 4 mos. 19 days; company raised for expedition against 
Nova Scotia and defence of Machias; also, list of men in Capt. West's co. who 
received bounty from Capt. Stephen Smith, Muster Master of Lincoln Co., for 
engaging in the expedition against St. Johns [year not given] . 

Austen, Daniel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Fales's co. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1779; dis- 
charged Aug. 15, 1779 ; service, 13 days ; marched to Majorbagaduce by order of 
Gen. Lovel. 

Austen, Ebenezeu. Capt. Peter Pitts's co., Col. Timothy Walker's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 5, 1775. 

Austen, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. William Wells's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt.; 
marched Oct. 30, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 8 days, on the alarm 
of Oct. 29, 1781, at Saratoga. 



IN THP: AVAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 353 

Austen, Elijah. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire Co.) 
resJTt. ; enlisted July 15, 1776; discharged July 31, 177G; service, 16 days, by order 
of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

ArsTEx, EzEKiEL. Private, Capt. William Douglas's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berksliire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 
7 days, at Bennington ; also, pay roll for 24 days service from Sept. 7 to Sept. .30, 
1777 ; marched to Pawlet. lloll dated Hancock. 

ArsTEx, George. Private, Capt. "William Douglas's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 
24 days ; marched to Pawlet. Roll dated Hancock. 

ArsTEX, George. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; en- 
listed June 2.'), 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 8 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. Roll dated Tiverton, R. I. 

AisTEX, Jacok. Sergeant, Capt. John Shaw's co.. Col. Williams's regt. ; service, 7 
days, in Oct., 1777, at Rhode Island. 

ArsTEX, JoHx. Ca])t. Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Braintree, Dec. 25, 1775. 

AusTEX, JoHx. Private, Capt. AVilliam Douglas's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 
7 days, at Bennington. 

AisTEx, JoHX, Brunswick. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Jonathan Mitchell's (2d Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Dec. 10, 1777 ; joined Capt. 
Jenkins's co., Col. Francis's (also given Col. Samuel Brewer's) regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years; returned by Maj. Larrabee. 

Al'Stex, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Amos Green's co., Col. Joseph Noyes's regt. ; 
enlisted March 2, 1777; discharged March 6, 1777; service, 5 days, at South 
Kingston. 

ArsTEX, Nathaxiel. Capt. Peter Pitts's co., Col. Timothy AValker's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 5, 1775. 

AvsTEx, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Peleg Shearman's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
regt. ; roll made up from April 20 to May 13, 1777 ; service on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; stationed at Slade's Ferry, R. I. ; reported deserted, no time allowed. 

Ai'STEX, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted June 25, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 8 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Tiverton, R. I. 

AusTEX, Samvel. Private, Capt. William Fellows's (Artiller^v) co., Berkshire Co. 
regt.. Gen. Fellows's brigade; marched to Kingsbury, N. Y., July 3, 1777; ser- 
vice, 14 days. Roll dated Sheffield. 

ArsTEX, Solomox, Methuen. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcomb's 
regt.; roll made up from date of arrived at Providence, R. I., April 27, 1777; 
discharged June 27, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days. Roll dated Bristol. 

AvsTEX, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joseph Fuller's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days, at 
Stillwater. 

Alstex, William. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; payrolls for service from 
June 1, 1776, to date of discharge, Nov. 15, 1776; service, 5 mos. 15 days. Roll 
dated Marblehead. 



354: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

ArsTEN, "William. Private, Capt. Amos Green's co., Col. Joseph Noves's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 6, 1777; discharged March 6, 1777; service, 29 days, at South 
Kingston ; also, list of men discharged March 6, 1777, who received their wages, 
etc., from Capt. Green at Cliarlestown. 

AvsTEN, William. Private, Capt. Jacob Hoskins's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Austin, . [This name also appears under the form of Asten, Astens, Astin, Astins, 

Aston, Ausin, Austain, Austen, Austing, Austings, Austins, Auston, Osten, Ostin, 
Osting, Ostn, Oston.] 

Austin, Abel. Private, Lieut. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm Oct. 13, 1780 ; service, 5 days. Roll dated 
Hancock. 

Austin, Ahiathau, Dighton. Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Josiah "Whitney's 
regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at Hull, June 21, 1776 ; also, Private, 
pay roll for 2 mos. 23 days service prior to Aug. 1, 177G; also, pay rolls for ser- 
vice from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos.; also, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., 
Col. John Ilatliaway's regt. ; service, 21 days, subsequent to Ajjril 23, 1777, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. Kbenezer Paull's 
CO., Col. Daggett's regt.; enlisted Aug. 2."), 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; ser- 
vice, 8 days, at Rhode Island; also, muster roll dated Berkley, March 17, 1780. 

Austin, Amos. Private, Capt. Peter Ingersoll's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 1, 1777; discharged July .30, 1777; service, 30 days; also, 
Lieut. Eleazer Taylor's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 4 days; marched on Benning- 
ton alarm as far as Pittsfield ; also, Capt. Adam Kasson's co., Col. Ashley's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 16, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
the Northward by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Austin, Anthony, Sheffield. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Enoch Noble's (1st) co., 1st Berk- 
shire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 6, 1776 ; also, 
2d Lieutenant, 1st Sheffield co.. Col. Hopkins's (1st Berkshire Co.) regt.; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 1, 1776; also, Capt. Noble's co., Col, 
John Brown's regt. ; enlisted June 29, 1777 ; discharged July 28, 1777 ; service, 30 
days; company ordered out by Brig. Gen. Fellows and Committee of Safety, at 
the request of Maj. Gen. Schuyler; also, Capt. Roswell Downing's co., Col. John 
Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. ; also, Capt. Noble's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 15, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 17, 1780 ; service, 4 days ; marched by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows, 
at the time Forts George and Ann were taken by the enemy. Roll sworn to at 
Sheffield. 

Austin, Asa. Private, Capt. Samuel Fales's co.. Col. J. Daggett's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 
6, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. '26 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; company drafted to serve under Gen. Spencer for 3 montlis from Jan. 1, 
1778. 

Austin, Augustine. Private, Lieut. Jeremiah Hickok's co.. Col. John Ashley's regt. ; 
enlisted July 6, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 22 days; marched to 
Kingsbury I)y order of Maj. Gen. Schuyler. 

Austin, Bailey, Sheffield. Private, Capt. Bacon's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 6, 177ri; also. Sergeant, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. 
John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 7, 1777; discharged July 28, 
1777 ; service, 22 days ; marched to Kingsbury near Fort Ann ; also, pay roll for 
31 days service from Sept. 19, 1777, to Oct. 19, 1777; marched to Stillwater; also, 
Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; marched on an alarm to Bennington, Oct. 23, 1780; ser- 
vice, 16 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 355 

Austin, Bexjamix, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. David Noble's co., Col. John Paterson'a 
(26th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29 (also given 22), 
1775; service, 2 nios. 6 days ; marched to Cambridge ; «/.?o. company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775; reported enlisted in the train July 1, 1775; alsn, Capt. John Strong's 
CO., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 30, 1777 ; discharged 
July 26, 1777 ; service, 3 weeks 5 days ; marched to Fort Ann. 

Austin, Benjamin. Drummer, Capt. Moses Knap's co., Col. "William Shepard's (3d) 
regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; enlisted Feb. 9, 
1779; discharged March 22, 1779; enlistment, 3 years. 

Austin, Benjajiin, Shrewsbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Rice's co.. Col. 
Cushing's regt. ; age, 31 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light ; occupation, 
weaver; residence, Shrewsbury; enlisted May 15, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Austin, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Pray's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; 
muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for 
Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; enlisted April 5, 1781. 

Austin, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Pray's co., Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts ; enlisted Jan. 30, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Austin, Benoni, Brunswick. Private, Capt. James Curtis's co. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 17, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. ; also, Capt. Curtis's co.. Col. 
James Cargill's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 5 days. 

Austin, Caleb, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co., Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Austin, Caleb, Hatfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Murray's co., Col. 
Chapin's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; residence, Hatfield; enlistment, 
9 months ; marched to Fishkill ; also, list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, Aug. 4, 1778 ; 
returned by Capt. John Santford, of Col. Malcom's regt., as received of Brig. 
Gen. Jonathan ^Varner. 

Austin, Caleb. Landsman, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson; en- 
gaged June 17, 1780 ; discharged March 12, 1781 ; service, 8 mos. 25 days ; reported 
entitled to prize shares in the brig "Tryall," if captured; also, Marine, ship 
'•Mars," commanded by Capt. James Nevins; engaged April 18, 1781; dis- 
charged June 12, 1781; service, 1 mo. 24 days; roll dated Boston; also. Cook, 
sloop "Defence," commanded by Capt. James Nivens; engaged July 9, 1781; 
discharged Sept. 26, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 17 days. 

Austin, Cody. Marine, frigate "Boston;" engaged March 19 [year and service not 
given] . 

Austin, Daniel, Narragaugus. Private, Capt. Francis Shaw, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Sept. 
7, 1775; discharged Dec. 31. 1775; service, 4 mos. 3 days; company stationed at 
Gouldsborough, No. 4, Narragaugus and Pleasant River. 

Austin, David, Norton. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; 
service, 25 days, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776, at Rhode Island. 

Austin, David, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co., Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Austin, David. Private, Capt. Stephen Webster's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at 
Claverack ; regiment raised in York and Suffolk counties to reinforce army under 
Gen. Washington. 



356 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Austin, David, Saco (also given Pepperellborough) . Matross, Capt. Winthrop Sar- 
gent's CO., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay acconnts 
for service from May 21, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Woburn; also, 
Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Dec. 31, 1780; reported deserted June 20, 1781 ; also, return dated Park near 
Morristown, Jan. 28, 1780; alxo, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 10, 
1781, returned by order of Gen. Heath; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. (5 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; rank, Matross; enlisted May 20, 1777, by Capt. Lieut. Cumpston; 
joined Capt. Sargent's co., 3d Artillery regt.; enlistment, during war. 

Austin, Ehexezlr, Dighton. Private, Capt. Peter Pitts's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
6 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Elijah Walker's 
CO., Col. Pope's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 17, 1776; service, 12 days, at 
Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; also, Capt. El)ene7.er PauU's co.. Col. 
Daggett's regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 8 days, 
at llhode Island; also, muster roll dated Berkley, March 17, 1780. 

Austin, Edavard. Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Porter's regt.; credited with 4 
mos. 2 weeks service [year not given] . 

Austin, Elijah. Private, Capt. Roswell Downing's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. ; also, 
Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1780; discharged 
Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days; marched by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows at the 
time Forts George and Ann were taken by the enemy. Roll sworn to at Sheffield. 

Austin, Elisha, Marlborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Cranson's co.. Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt.; enlisted March 24, 1777; 
joined Capt. Barnes's co., Col. Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported de- 
serted June 1, 1777. 

Austin, Ezekiel. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., detached from Gen. Fellows's 
(Berkshire Co.) brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, 4 mos., at Albany, under 
Gen. Stark. 

Austin, George, Dighton. Descriptive list of men mustered by James Leonard, 
Muster Master, dated Oct. 29, 1779; 9th co., Col. Hathaway's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, Ijrown ; eyes, dark ; residence, 
Dighton ; enlistment, 9 months, from time of arrival at Springfield ; reported de- 
livered to Lieut. J. Grace. 

Austin, George. Private, Lieut. Abiel Whitmarsh's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched July 29, 1780, to 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Austin, Ichabod, York. Descriptive list of men enlisted from York co. in 1779; age, 
29 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, dark ; residence, York ; delivered to Lieut. J. 
Grace. 

Austin, Isaac, Methuen. Cai)t. James Mallone's co., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775 ; service, 4.^ days. 

Austin, Isaac, Jr., Methuen. Capt. James Mallone's co., -which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4^ days. 

Austin, Isaiah. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Lambert; engaged Jan. 18, 1778 [service not given]. 

Austin (alias Rand), Jack, Woburn. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Woburn for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 12, 
1780; discharged Jan. 9, 1781; service, 6 mos. 8 days; rank. Private; reported 
"no discharge." 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 357 



ArsTix, Jacob, Raynliam. Serireant, Capt. John King's co., Col. Timothy "Walker's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 
days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. King's Co., Col. Hop- 
kins's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 15, 177G; discharged July 31, 1776; 
service, 16 days, by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

AvsTi.v, James. Private, Capt. Zadok Buffinton's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777, at Cambridge; service, 3 mos. 
13 days, at the Northward. 

AisTix, James, Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co.. Col. Thomas Gard- 
ner's regt , which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, 
certiticate of ser«ce dated Watertown, Feb. 10, 1778, signed Ity Alexander Shep- 
ard; service, 6 mos., with guards at powder house in Watertown. 

AvsTix, JoAB. Sergeant, Capt. Roswell Downing's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 1 mo.; also, 
pay roll for service from Oct. 15 to Oct. 17, 1780, 4 days; marched by order of 
Brig. Gen. Fellows, at the time when Forts George and Ann were taken by the 
enemy. Roll sworn to at Sheffield. 

Ai'STix, JoHX, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Austin', Johx, Worthington. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days. 

Austin, John, Norton. Private, Capt. Seth Gilbert's (2d) co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; joined April 27, 1775; ser- 
vice, 4 days ; also, Capt. Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Timothy AValker's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 10 days. 

Austin, John, Beverly. Private, Capt. John Gay's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; 
pay al)stract for 2 days travel allowance sworn to Nov. 29, 1776. 

Austin, John. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; muster 
roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776 ; enlisted March 10, 1776 ; reported 
on command at Fort Edward. 

Austin, John. Seaman, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston ; 
engaged Aug. 19, 1777; discharged Jan. 6, 1778; service, 4 mos. 18 days. 

Austin, John. Private, Sergt. AVilliam Warland's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 25, 1779; discharged Dec. 3, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at 
Albany. 

Austin, John, Georgetown. Private, Capt. Sewall's co.. Col. Sprout's (late Brewer's) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; credited to town of Brunswick ; reported transferred to invalids at Boston, 
March 1, 1779; also, Capt. Josiah Jenkins's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; pay 
abstract for subsistence money from Jan. 1, 1777, dated Boston, March 19, 1777; 
also, muster roll dated Camp near Valley Forge, Jan. 23, 1778; also, Lieut. 
Osgood Carleton's co. of invalids, Col. Lewis Nicola's regt. ; pay roll for service 
at Boston from Nov. 1, 1778, to June 13, 1779; also, muster roll taken to Sept. 9, 
1779, dated Boston ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1779; service at Boston. 

Austin, John. Conductor of military stores ; Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; 
lists of field and statF officers dated Camljridge, June 16 and June 26, 1775; also. 
Continental Army pay accounts for service at Boston from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779 ; also, Conductor of military stores under Maj. Barber ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 



358 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Austin, Johx. Recommendation dated West Point, April 28, 1782, signed by Col. 
Crane of the artillery, for the appointment of said Austin as 2d Lieutenant in liis 
regiment; commissioned May 17, 1782. 

AvsTix, John, Jr., Methuen. Private, Capt. James Mallone's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177;"); service, 7^ days. 

AfsTix, John, Jr., Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3i days. [Name crossed out on roll.] 

ArsTix, John, Jr. Conductor of military stores in department of field commissary, 
appointed May 1, 1778; stationed with 1st Mass. brigade; also, Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from April 1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Austin, Jonah, Falmouth (also given Casco Bay). Private, Capt. Samuel Knight's 
CO. ; enlisted July 11, 1775 ; service, 6 mos. 6 days, at Falmouth. Cumberland Co. ; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Peter Noyes's (1st 
Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; residence, Falmouth; enlisted for 
town of Falmouth; enlistment, 3 years; also, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 20, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 11 mos. 11 days as Private, 24 mos. as Cor- 
poral; promoted to Corporal Dec. 1,1777; n/,so, Capt. Benjamin Wallcntt's co., 
Col. Marshall's (10th) regt.; pay abstract for rations from Jan. 20 to March 25, 
1777, 65 days; also, Corporal; muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated West Point; 
reported " on furlough Nov. 20 for 90 Days ; " also, muster roll for March, 1779, 
dated West Point ; rt/so, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Marshall's regt.; Continental 
Arm}' pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 20, 1780. 

Austin, Jonathan, Methuen. Private, Capt. James Mallone's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6iJ days. 

Austin, Jonathan, Methuen. Corporal, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days. [Name crossed out on roll.] 

Austin, Jonathan. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. l)y Nathaniel Barljer, dated 
Boston, Feb. 2, 1777 ; Capt. Walcut's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Austin, Jonathan, Dighton. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. Pope's (Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; also, 
Capt. Walker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's (Bristol Co.) regt., Brig. Gen. God- 
frey's brigade ; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Austin, Jonathan W., Boston. Major, Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's (16th) regt. ; 
engaged April 20, 1775; roll made up to July 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 18 days; 
also, list of field officers of the Continental Army stationed at Cambridge in 1776. 

Austin, Jonathan W. Yolunteer, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. J. F. Wil- 
liams; engaged Dec. 21, 1778; discharged April 21, 1779; service, 4 mos. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Austin, Joseph, Suftielil. Private, Capt. Nathan Peters's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 13 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Austin, Joshua, Dartmouth (also given Cohasset). Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's 
CO., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser- 
vice, 5 days ; also, Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, order for bount3' 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775; also, list of men 
mustered in SuflFolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Boston, Aug. 17, 1777 ; Capt. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 359 



Austin, Joshua, continued. 

Jarvis's co., Col. Henry Jackson's rest. ; enlistment, 3 .rears ; also, Capt. Thomas 
Hunt's (8th) CO., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) retrt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from July 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted May 
1.1, 1779; returned Feb. 4, 1780; also, Capt. Thomas Cartwright's co., Col. Jack- 
son's regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa. ; also, muster rolls for 
June, July, Aug., Sept. and Nov., 1778; also, Capt. Hunt's co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; reported on command at 
Newton ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 33 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 In. ; 
complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, yeoman; residence, Dartmouth; en- 
listed March 1, 1780, by Ensign Phelon ; joined Capt. Hunt's Co., Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; enlistmentj. during war; also. Continental Army paj' accounts for service 
from March 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll for April, 1780; reported 
joined from desertion April 20, 1780. 

Austin, Josiah, Western or Oakham. Private, Capt. Joseph Cutler's co. of volunteers ; 
marched Sept. 24, 1777, to join Gen. Gates at the Northward; service, 32 days. 

Austin, Judah. Corporal, Capt. Ephraira Fitch's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 2.5, 1777; enlisted 
Dec. 16, 1776; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Austin, Judah. Private, Lieut. Andrew Loomiss's co., Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; marched Oct. 14, 1780, on an alarm to Bennington ; service, 4 days. 

Austin, Levi. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 27 days, at Fort 
Ann, on an alarm at Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Rowley's co.. Col. David Rossiter's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; service, 7 days, at Bennington, from Aug. 13 to Aug. 20, 
1777 ; also, Capt. Rowley's co., Col. Brown's regt. ; service from Sept. 5, 1777, to 
Sept. 29, 1777, 24 days, at the Northward of Pawlet ; also, Capt. John Bacon's 
CO., Col. Rosseter's regt., Gen. Fellows's brigade ; marched Oct. 17, 1780, to rein- 
force Gen. Stark at Stillwater ; service, 4 days ; also, pay roll for 4 days service, 
from Nov. 5 to Nov. 7, 1780 ; marched on an alarm to reinforce Gen. Stark at 
Stillwater; also, pay roll for 13 days service, from Oct. 13, 1781, to Oct. 22, 1781 ; 
marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Austin, Moses, Salem, N. H. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 4, 1778; age, 22 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; enlisted for town of Beverly; also, 
list of men enlisted for 9 months returned by Brig. Gen. J. Glover as received 
from Jonathan Warner, dated Fort Arnold, July 3, 1778. 

Austin, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Shapleigh's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775 ; 
roll made up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 4 mos., at Kittery; also, Capt. Shapleigh's 
CO., Col. Edward Cutts's regt. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775, 
2 mos. 5 days, at Kittery Point. 

Austin, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Snow's co.. Col. George Williams's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 22, 1778 ; service, 23 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; marched from Raynham to Taunton, and sers^ed at Providence in 
Col. AVade's regt., under Gen. Sullivan. 

Austin, Nathaniel, Dighton (also given Berkley). Private, Capt. Peter Pitts's co., 
Col. Timothy Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company return [prol)alily Oct., 1775] ; also, 
Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; pay roll for 2 mos. 23 
days service prior to Aug. 1, 1776; also, Capt. James Nickols's co., Col. John 
Dagget's regt.; enlisted Jan. 14, 1778; discharged April 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
19 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; al^o, Capt. Ebenezer PauU's 
CO., Col. Daggett's regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; ser- 
vice, 8 days, at Rhode Island; also, muster roll dated Berkley, March 17, 1780. 



360 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



ArsTiN, Nathaniel. List of men detached from Capt. John Walton's co. to join Capt. 
Frost at Cambridge and to march to Boston, dated Cambridge, Sept. 23, 1778. 

Austin, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. ITi, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days; 
marched by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows at the time Forts George and Ann were 
taken by the enemy; roll sworn to at Sheffield; also, pay roll for 16 days service 
from Oct. 23, 1780, to Nov. 7, 1780; marched on an alarm to Bennington. Roll 
sworn to at Sheffield. 

Ai'STiN, Pasco. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Lambert; engaged Jan. 18, 1778 [service not given]. 

Austin, Pail. Private, Lieut. Daniel Brown's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; marched Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 5 
days, on an alarm. Roll dated. Hancock. 

AiSTiN, Peteii. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's de- 
tachment of guards; enlisted Oct. 1, 1779; discharged Jan. 1, 1780; service, 3 
mos., in and about Boston. 

Austin, Philip. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co.. Col. Simon Cary's regt.; ser- 
vice, 2 days; roll dated Roxbury, April 1, 1776. 

Austin, Philip. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Luke Day's co. ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature. 5ft. 5 in.; complexion, liglit; hair, brown; eyes, gray; occupation, 
blacksmith; residence, Massachusetts; enlisted April 11, 1782; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Austin, Reuben. Private, Capt. Joseph Winch's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. 14 days, in Northern department. 

Austin, Robert. List of prisoners certified by the selectmen of Truro, Sept. 19, 1777, 
as having been returned from tlie British ship " Diainond," Capt. Charles Field- 
ing, to be exchanged for British prisoners; captured Sept. 6, 1777, from the 
"Morning Star" (merchant vessel), Capt. John Combe of Newburyport; also, 
Seaman ; list of prisoners to Ije received in exchange for British prisoners sent to 
Halifax in the cartel " Swift," dated Oct. 9, 1777; exchanged for Andrew Martin. 

Austin, Samuel. Private, Capt. Adam Kasson's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at 
Claverack; enlistment, 3 months. 

Austin, Samuel. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. Hopkins's (Berksliire Co.) 
regt.; marched July 15, 1776, by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows; service, 12 days; 
also, Capt. John Spoor's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched 
to Kingsbury near Fort Ann July 7, 1777; service, 22 days; also, service from 
Sept. 19 to Oct. 19, 1777, 31 days; marched to Stillwater; also, Capt. William 
Fellows's CO. of matrosses. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days; marched on the alarm at 
the time Forts George and Ann were taken by the enemy ; also, Capt. Spoor's co., 
Col. Ashley, Jr.'s regt. ; marched on an alarm to Barnes's Heaths in Stillwater, 
Oct. 12, 1781 ; service, 11 days. 

Austin, Seth, Dighton. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Elijah Walker's (9th) co., 2d Bristol 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Ai)ril 26, 1776 ; also, Capt. 
Joseph Durfee's co.. Col. Tliomas Carpenter's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; 
chosen by order of Sept. 15, 1776; also, Capt. Walker's co., Col. Pope's (Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; service, 24 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; also, 
Capt. Walker's co.,,Col. Jolm Hathaway's (Bristol Co.) regt.. Brig. Gen. God- 
frey's brigade; service, 7 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 361 

ArsTix, Shcbael. Drummer, Capt. William Foord's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; 
enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

AisriN, Shikael. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co., Col. Caleb Hyde's regt., Gen. 
llosseter's brigade; enlisted Oct. 20, 17S1 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1781; service, 
9 days, at Stillwater. 

AisTix, Stei'hkx. Private, Capt. George Ulmer's co.. Col. James Hunter's regt.; 
enlisted April 10, 1782; discharged Nov. 20, 1782; service, 7 mos. 10 days, in 
Eastern department. 

ArsTix, Thaddfa-s. Private, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co.. Col. David Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; service, 2 days, between June 12 and June 17, 1782; marched to 
quell the mob at Northampton. 

AisTix, Thomas. Seaman, State brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; engaged June 27, 1778; discharged Oct. 16, 1778; service, 3 mos. 19 daj's; 
also. Armorer, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. Williams ; engaged Nov. 18, 
1778; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 5 mos. 2 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Austin, Thomas. List of prisoners l)rought to Marblehead in the cartel " Pacific " to 
be exchanged for British prisoners; returned by Thomas Stone, Commissary 
[year not given] . 

ArsTix, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co., Coi. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 29 days, on an 
expedition to the Northward. 

Austin, William. Private, Capt. Jesse Roe's co.. Brig. Gen. Henr.v Knox's Artillery 
artificers; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1777; also, Capt. Christopher Beack- 
ley's CO., Col. Benjamin Flower's corps. Brig. Gen. Knox's Artillery artificers; 
muster roll for April, 1778. 

Austin, Zephaniah. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. George King's (16th) co., 1st Berkshire 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 6, 1776 ; company 
raised in Sheffield, Great Barrington, Tyringham and New Marlborough; also, 
Capt. Peter IngersoU's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 
1, 1777 ; sei'vice, 30 days. 

AusTiNG, George. Private, Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. James Dean's regt. ; 
enlisted March 8, 1781 ; service, 6 days; company detached from Freetown, Berk- 
ley and Dighton for the term of 40 days unless sooner dischai'ged. 

AusTiNG, James, Old York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co., Col. James Scam- 
nion's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj' 4, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 5 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cam- 
bridge, Oct. 28, 1775. 

AusTiNGS, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John AValton's co., Col. Samuel Thatcher's 
regt. ; service from Sept. 2 to Sept. 4, 1778, 3 days, with guards at Fort No. 2, 
Cambridge. 

Austins, Abiathar, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Nickols's co.. Col. John Dagget's 
regt. ; marched Jan. 14, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 19 days, at Rhode Island ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Austins, George. Major's co. ; enlisted Aug. 31, 1779; discharged May 31, 1780; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Austins, Joshua, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

AusTON, Benoni. Private, Capt. William Lithgow's CO. ; enlisted March 13, 1776; roll 
made up to May 31, 1776; service, 2 mos. 19 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 



362 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AusTON, John, Norton. Private, Capt. Cobb's co., Col. Walker's regt. ; company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

AusTox, Samuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. 
Roll sworn to at Andover. 

ArsTox, Shcbael. Private, Capt. Joel Stevens's co.. Col. David Rossiter's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 2'), 1781 ; service, 13 days, on an alarm at 
Saratoga. Roll dated Pittsfield. 

AusTON, Solomon, Methuen. Private, Capt. Samuel Jolmson's co.. Col. Titcomb's 
regt.; arrived at Providence April 27, 1777; discharged June 27, 1777; service, 2 
mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Johnson's co.. Col. John- 
son's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., 
with Northern army. Roll sworn to at Andover. 

AusTON, Stei'hex. Private (also given Corporal), Capt. Pelatiah Eddy's co.. Col. 
Abiel Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) regt., commanded l)y lieut. Col. James Williams, 
Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade ; service, 6 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of 
Aug. 1, 1780 ; marched from Taunton to Tiverton, R. I. 

ArsTROMAN, Matthias, Philadelphia. Matross, Capt. Donnell's co.. Col. John Crane's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 25, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, return dated Greenwich, Nov. 10, 1779. [See Matthias Asterman.] 

AuTE, John. Receipt for bounty paid him by Jonathan Wild to serve in the Continental 
Army during war, dated Walpole, April 6, 1782. 

AuTHEKTOx, Lemuel, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Abiel Clap's co., Col. John Dagget's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

AuTHERTOx, Pjiilip. Discharge dated New York, Dec. 23, 1783, signed by Maj. Gen. 
Knox ; honorably discharged from service, having completed his term of enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; served in 2d Mass. regt. 

AuTHUR, Joseph, Truro. Private, Capt. Means's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to July 1, 1778; enlistment, 
during war; reported deserted July 1, 1778. 

AuTHURTON, Philip. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (Gth) regt. ; return of men in service for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; time allowed 
from July 5, 1781; reported "no date of enlistment;" also, return of men in 
service for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported on command in March, 1782; also, Capt. 
Jacob Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; return of men in service for June- 
Dec, 1782; reported transferred from 6th co. 

AvANS, Maykery, Sharon. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. Patterson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos. 

AvANY, John. Receipt for bounty paid him l)y John Roberts of Class No. 9 of the 
town of Gloucester to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
Boston, May 10, 1782. 

AvARiEL, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Jabez West's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1776; dis- 
charged Dec. 6, 1776; service, 4 mos. 20 days; company raised for expedition 
against Nova Scotia and defence of Machias. 

AvARY, John. Capt. Clark's co., 10th regt.; enlisted July 6, 1779; discharged April 
6, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

AvARY, Timothy, Temple. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Ezra Town's co.. 
Col. James Read's regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, brown ; 
eyes, gray; occupation, farmer; birthplace, Townsend ; residence, Temple; rank. 
Private; enlisted May 15, 1775; mustered July 11, 1775; reported died Aug. 7, 
1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 363 

AvERAL, William, Gloucester. Private, Cai>t. Warner's co., Col. Little's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; age, 20 jts. 

AvERED, Timothy, Norwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army prior to 
Maj' 17, 1777, from Capt. John Kirkland's CO.; joined Capt. Wheeler's co., Col. 
Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Colonel's co., Col. Thomas 
Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to 
Sept. 1, 1778; reiwrted discharged Sept. 1, 1778; hired a man to take his place; 
also, Capt. Adam AVheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return for clothing for the 
3-ear 1777. 

AvEEEL {alias E\'erel), Ezekiel, Sheepscot (also given Pownal borough). Private, 
Capt. Thomas Hunt's (4th) co., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 11, 1780. 

Averel, James, Jr. Capt. Joseph Browning's co., Col. Murray's regt.; order for 
wages for 3 mos. service in 1780, dated Palmer, May 25, 1782. 

Averel, Joseph. Sergeant, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; service, 14 
days, between Aug. 31 and Nov. 20, 1779, at Machias. 

AvERELL, Amos, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2J days; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 
22 to Nov. 16, 1776, 2 mos. 7 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

AvERELL, Amos. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Dec. 1, 1777; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 3 days, at Charles- 
town and Cambridge. 

AvERELL, Daniel. Receipt for mileage received of Capt. John Dodge, dated Spring- 
field, March 16, 1777. 

AvERELL, Daniel. Receipt for mileage received of Capt. John Dodge, dated Spring- 
field, March 16, 1777. 

AvERELL, EzEKiEL, Powualborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Ebenezer Thayer, Jr.'s (5th Sutfolk Co.) regt., dated Braintree, Jan. 20, 
1778; residence, Pownalliorough; enlisted for town of Braintree; joined Capt. 
Langdon's co.. Col. Henrj- Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

AvERELL, Isaac, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2^ days. 

AvERELL, Israel. Private, Capt. Timothy Heald's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 1 day, on expe- 
dition to Penobscot. 

AvERELL, Jacob. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Nov. 12, 1777 ; discharged April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 22 days, 
at Charlestown and Cambridge; also, muster roll for Feb., 1778, dated Winter 
Hill; reported detached Nov. 5, 1777, to guard Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

AvERELL, Nathaniel, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2.J days. 

AvERELL, Samuel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Scott's (3d) co., 2d Lincoln Co. regt. ; 
list of oflScers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 23 (also given Aug. 23), 1776. 

AvEKELL, Samuel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Perkins's (4th) co., 5th Lincoln Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Averell, Samuel. Lieutenant ; certificate signed by said Averell and others certifying 
the service of Capt. Solomon Walker at the retaking of the mast-ship in Sheep- 
scot River, dated Pownalborough, Oct. 8, 1777. 



364 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



AvERELL, William. Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co., Col. Moses Little's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect llill, Nov. 25, 177"). 

AvERELL, William H. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 177"). 

AvEREY, William, Wcstfield. Private, Capt. Parks's co.. Col. Danielson's regt.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

AvERiL, EzEKiEL, Boston. Private, Capt. Mills's co., Col. Jeduthan Baldwin's regt. 
of artiticers; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Jan. 1, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; reported discharged. 

AvERiL, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
service, 3 days, between Dec. 4, 1778, and Jan. 4, 1779; also, list of men in Capt. 
Jabez West's co. who received bount}- from Capt. Stei)hen Smith, Muster Master 
of Lincoln Co., for engaging in the expedition against St. Johns [year not given]. 

Avekil, Paul, Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded by 
Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days. 

AvEiiiLL, . [This name also appears under the form of Avariel, Averal, Averel, 

Averell, Averil, Averrill, Avery, Avrell, Avrill, Everall.] 

AvERiLL, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. Jolin Baker's (3d 
Essex Co.) regt.; return of men in service Ai)ril 17, 1775; reported released from 
service and place taken by John Peters. 

AvERiLL, Benjamin, Ipswich. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Ipswich for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 22, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 8, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 28 days. 

AvERiLL, David, Cape Ann. Capt. John Row's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27tli) 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 28, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 8 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

AvERiLL, David. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co., Col. Pickering's regt. ; marched 
Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 15, 1777; service, 3 mos. 16 days. 

AvERiLL, EzEKiEL. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 2 days, from Sept. 10 to Sept. 12, 1777, in defending and retaking a mast-sliip 
loading in Sheepscot River. 

AvERiLL, EzEKiEL, Shcepscot (also given Milton). Private, Capt. Thomas Hunt's 
CO., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Oct. 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Braintree; also, 
return; Capt. Hunt's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; residence, Sheepscot; enlisted for 
town of Broadbay; enlistment, 3 years; also, Lieut. Thomas Lamb's co., Col. 
Jackson's regt. ; payroll for March, 1778, dated Guelph, Pa.; also, pay roll for 
July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence; also, pay rolls for So))!., 1778-April, 
1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, Capt. Hunt's co. ; muster roll dated Pawtuxet, May 
4, 1779; reported on comnuind at Newton; also, muster roll dated Providence, 
July 9, 1779; also, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779. 

AvERiLL, Israel. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co.. Col. Josei)h North's regt.; ser- 
vice, 2 days, from Sept. 10 to Sei)t. 12, 1777, in defending and retaking a mast- 
ship loading in Sheepscot River. 

AvERiLL, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co., Col. Joseph North's regt.; service, 
2 days, from Sept. 10 to Sept. 12, 1777, in defending and retaking a mast-ship 
loading in Sheepscot River. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 365 

AvEKiLL, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Libby's (9tli) co., Col. Benjamin Foster's 
(Lincoln Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 23, 1777; discharged July IG, 1777; service, 
23 days, at Machias and adjacent rivers, when ship " Ambuscade " lay in the 
harbor. 

AvERiLL, Samuel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Perkins's (5th) co.. Col. Jonathan 
Buck's (oth Lincoln Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
July 2"), 1776; also, Capt. Daniel Scott's co., Col. Joseph North's regt. ; service, 
2 days, from Sept. 10 to Sept. 12, 1777, in defending and retaking a mast-ship 
loading in Sheepscot River. 

AvERiLL, William. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co., Col. Joseph North's regt.; ser- 
vice, 2 days, from Sejit. 10 to Sept. 12, 1777, in defending and retaking a mast- 
ship loading in Sheepscot River. 

AvERRiLL, Daniel, Topsfield. Private, Capt. James Mallon's co., Essex Co. regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 8, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Castle 
Island, under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

AvERTON, JoHx, Harvard. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Avert, . [This name also appears under the form of Avany, Avary, Averey, 

Averill, Avorey, Avory, Avrey, Avry.] 

Avery, Abel. Corporal, Capt. Ambrose Hill's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1779; discharged Aug. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
10 days, at New London, Conn. 

Avert, Amos, Northfield. Private, Capt. James Walsworth's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 11 days, at New London, Conn. ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; 
age, 22 jts. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
farmer ; residence, Northfield ; enlisted March 29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Avert, Amos. Private, Capt. John Mills's co., Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; muster 
roll for April, 1781, dated Garrison at West Point; enlisted April 8, 1781 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; reported deserted April 8, 1781. 

Avery, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Nicholas Crosby's co.. Col. John Allan's regt.; en- 
listed Oct. 8, 1777; discharged Dec. 31, 1777; service, 3 mos. 3 days; company 
raised for defence of Machias. 

AvERY% Benjamin. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Lambert ; engaged Jan. 20, 1778 [service not given] . 

Avert, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Mark Poole's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; pay abstract for service from Nov. 12, 1777, to Feb. 3, 1778, at Charles- 
town ; also, pay roll for service from Feb. 3 to April 5, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, with 
guards at Cambridge; also, muster roll for March, 1778, dated Winter Hill; re- 
ported sick and absent. 

Avert, Benjamin, Ipswich. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 32 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Ipswich; arrived at Springtield 
July 6, 1780; marched to camp Julj- 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Taylor of 
2d Mass. Line ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Avert, David, Pepperell. Private, Capt. John Nutting's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 



366 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Avery, David, New Ipswich. Private, Capt. Ezra Town's co., Col. Read's regt. ; 
muster roll [probably Aug., 177')] ; enlisted May 4, 1775. 

Avery, David, Gageborough (Windsor). Chaplain, Col. John Patterson's ('26th) regt.; 
engaged April 22, 177o ; roll made up to Maj' 7, 177.") ; service, l(j days [name crossed 
out on roll] ; also, pay roll for service from May 7 to Aug. 1, 177"), 3 nios.2 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Wst of officers in Col. John Bailey's 
regt. in need of clothing, dated Dorchester, Oct. 22, 1778 ; also, return of officers 
in Lieut. Col. Ezra Badlam's (2d) regt. in service Sept. 24, 1779, dated Boston, 
Dec. 7, 1779; also, Co\. Sherburn's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Feb. 15, 1777, to March 5, 1780 ; reported also Chaplain to 4th Mass. 
brigade. 

Avery, David, Jr. Receipt for bounty for 3 years enlistment, dated York, May 8, 1781. 

Avery, Edward, Cape Elizabeth. Private, Capt. Samuel Dunn's co., Col. Edmund 
Phinney's regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment. May 17, 1775, to date of 
marching to headquarters, July 11, 1775, equivalent to 55 days; also, company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 1, 1775. 

Avery, Edward. Matross, Capt. Abner Lowell's co. ; marched July 11, 1776; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 1776; service, 5 mos. 20 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Avery, Edward, Jr., Cape Elizabeth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Joshua Jordan's (2d) co.. Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) 
regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. George Smith's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's 
(also given Col. Paterson's) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported enlisted in 1777. 

Avery, Ephraim, Palmer. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Aaron Graves's co.. Col. Pyncheon's regt., dated Feb. 9, 1778 ; joined Capt. Bull's 
CO., Col. Sheldon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Avery, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. 

Avery, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Joseph Pride's co., Col. Nathaniel Jordan's (Cum- 
berland Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 1,1779; discharged Oct. 23, 1779 ; service, 23 days. 

Avery, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Isaac Parsons's co.. Col. Prime's regt. ; enlisted May 
4, 1780; discharged Dec. 19, 1780; service, 7 mos. 16 days, under Brig. Gen. 
AVadsworth at the Eastward. Roll dated North Yarmouth. 

Avery, Frederick. Order for wages dated North Windsor, June 16, 1783 ; service in 
Capt. Jackson's co., Col. Nixon's (6th) regt., and Capt. Bowman's co., 5th regt. ; 
reported served in place of Matthew Wyman. 

Avery, Gideon. Capt. John Popkins's co.. Col. Richard Gridlcy's (Artillery) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Jan. 13, 1776. 

Avery, Gideon. Seaman, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Foster Williams; engaged Jan. 20, 1777; discharged Feb. 17, 1777; service, 
28 days. 

Avery, James, Machias. Quartermaster, Capt. Jabez West's co., Col. Jonathan Eddy's 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 14, 1770; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 1 mo. 5 days; 
company raised at Cumberland, N. S.; also. Lieutenant, Capt. John Prel)le's 
CO., Col. John Allan's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
July 4, 1777, to June 1, 1779, at Machias; also, pay rolls for service from June 1, 
1779, to May 1, 1781, in Indian department at Machias ; also, petition dated Bos- 
ton, March 1, 1781, signed by said Avery, asking for a discharge from his commis- 
sion as Lieutenant in Col. John Allan's regt. ; allowed in Council, March 27, 1781. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 367 

Avert, John. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Avery, Johx. 1st Lieutenant, schooner "Washington" (privateer), commanded by 
Capt. William Preston ; petition dated Boston, Sept. 6, 1777, signed by said 
Preston, asking to be commissioned as commander of the " Washington." 

Avery, John. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted 
March 23, 1778; discharged April 6, 1778; service, I'j days, at Roxbury and 
Boston. 

AvERY, John, Gloucester (also given Charlestown). Private, Capt. Joseph Roby'sco., 
Col. Moses Little's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.J ; enlisted May 29, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 8 days; also. Corporal; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
age, 30 yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 
11,1775; rt/,90. Private, Capt. Amos Cogswell's co.. Col. James Wesson's regt.; 
muster return dated Jan. 25, 1778; residence, Charlestown; enlisted for town of 
Gloucester; mustered by Col. Barber; also, Capt. Cogswell's (2d) co., Col. Wes- 
son's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 8, 1777, to May 
20, 1778 ; reported died May 20, 1778. 

Avery, Johx. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Medway, July 24, 1779; age, 18 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; enlistment, 9 months. 

Avery, Johx, Attleborough. Descriptive list of men mustered by James Leonard, 
Muster Master, dated Oct. 29, 1779 ; 1st co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; hair, Ijrown ; eyes, blue; residence, Attleborough; 
enlistment, 9 months, from time of arrival at Springfield. 

Avery, John, Brookfield. Private, Capt. William Henry's co., Worcester Co. regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at Castle 
and Governor's Islands. 

Avery, Johx, Dedham. Private, Capt. Aaron Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (First Parish); service, 9 days; also, 
Capt. Joseph Lewis's (1st) co.. Col. AVilliam Mcintosh's regt.; marched to Dor- 
chester on the alarm of March 4, 1776; service, 4 days; also, descriptive list of 
men enlisted from Suffolk Co. in 1779; Capt. Battle's co. ; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Dedham; delivered to Ensign Edward 
White ; also, list of men received by Justin Ely, Commissioner, from Maj. Stephen 
Badlam, Superintendent of Suffolk Co., dated Springfield, Sept. 20, 1779; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Dedham for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 15,1780; discharged Dec. 24, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 20 days. 

Atert, Johx. Private, Capt. Noah Allen's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; muster 
rolls for Feb. and March, 1782, dated York Hutts; enlisted Jan. 8, 1782; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Avery, Joxathax, Dedham. Ensign, Capt. Aaron Fuller's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (First Parish) ; service, 9 days; also, 
Capt. Joseph Lewis's (1st) co., Col. William Mcintosh's regt.; marched to Dor- 
chester on the alarm of March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 days. 

Avery, Joseph. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.; enlisted Sept. 15, 1775; dis- 
charged Sept. 27, 1775 ; service, 12 days, at Machias. 

Avery, Joshua, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Barnabas Dodge's (6th) co.. Col. Gerrish's 
(later Baldwin's) 38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 
1775; service, 13 weeks; also, company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775; 
also, list of recruits for the new establishment, dated Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1775; 
also, return of men enlisted for 1 year from last of Dec, 1775; age, 17 yrs. ; also, 



368 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Avert, Joshua, continued. 

pay abstracts for Jaii.-April, 1776; also, pay aljstracts for May and June, 1776, 
dated New York ; also, Capt. Dodge's co., commanded by Lieut. Cheever; pay 
abstract for mileage, etc., in 1776; also, list of men in Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(26tli) regt. who agreed to serve 6 weeks from Dec. 31, 1776, dated Trenton ; also, 
Capt. Mark Pool's co., Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt. ; service, 2 mos., on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Bristol; roll dated June 28, 1777. 

Avert, Oliver, Charlemont. Captain of a company wliich marched April 21, 1775, 
in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 17 days. 

Avery, Oliver, Jr., Charlemont. Private, Capt. Oliver Avery's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; com- 
pany raised in Shelburne, Charlemont, Myrifield ; reported enlisted under Capt. 
H. Maxwell, April 27, 1775; also, Capt. Maxwell's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]; reported at Queliec; also, Capt. 
LawTence Kemp's co.. Col. Leonard's regt. ; enlisted Feb. 23, 1777 ; discharged 
April 10, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days, at Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Samuel Tay- 
lor's CO., Col. Porter's regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; 
service, 38 days; marched to reinforce Northern army after the evacuation of 
Ticonderoga. 

Avert, Ransford, Southampton (probaV)ly). Private, Capt. Lemuel Pomeroy's co., 
Col. John Dickerson's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; 
service, 30 days ; marched on an expedition to Saratoga, under command of Col. 
Ezra May. 

Avery, Richard. Account of liounty paid by selectmen of Wells to said Avery, to 
serve in the Continental Army, dated Wells, March 22, 1782; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army during 1781 and 1782, rejjorted unfit for service; 
enlisted for town of Wells; enlistment, 3 years; reported disabled. 

Avert, Richard, New Marlborough. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt.; muster rolls for April and May, 1781, dated West 
Point; enlisted March 12, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; promoted to Fifer, May 20, 
1781 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Collar's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; 
age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; occupation, 
laborer (also given clothier) ; rank, Fifer; birthplace. Oblong, N. Y. ; residence. 
New Marlliorough ; enlisted May 20, 1781 ; joined Capt. Bates's (also given Capt. 
Hastings's) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Fifer; 
muster rolls for June and July, 1781; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated 
Camp at Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 
1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Avert, Roswell, Gageborough (Windsor). Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co., 
which inarched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
Gageborough and Partridgetield ; service, 14 days; reported enlisted into the 
army May 5, 1775; also, Capt. Watkins's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days; also, com- 
panv return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Nov. 13, 1775. 

Avert, Samiel. Private, Capt. William Pearson's (3d) co. ; enlisted Feb. 20, 1776; 
rolls made up to May 31, 1776; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at Gloucester. 

Avert, Samuel, Cape Ann. Corporal, Capt. Mark Pool's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt.; 
service, 2 mos., on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Bristol, R. I.; roll 
dated June 28, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 369 

Avert, Samuel, Lincoln. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; age, 
40 yrs.; stature, 3 ft. 3 in; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, blue; occupa- 
tion, farmer (also given housewright) ; residence, Lincoln ; enlisted March 10, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Avert, Samuel, Weston. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of "Weston 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; reported discharged [service 
not given] . 

Avert, Samuel, Milton. Petition dated Boston, May 9, 1777, signed by Paul Dudley 
Sargent and John Winthrop, Jr., asking that said Avery be commissioned as com- 
mander of the schooner "Eagle" (privateer), designed to sail in the fleet com- 
manded by Commodore Mauley; allowed in Council, May 10, 1777; also, petition 
dated Boston, May 2G, 1778, signed by Samuel Jackson, asking that said Avery be 
commissioned as commander of the sloop "America" (privateer); allowed in 
Council, May 26, 1778; also, petition dated Boston, April 18, 1781, signed by 
William Foster, asking that said Avery be commissioned as commander of ship 
"Twin Sisters" (privateer) ; allowed in Council, April 19, 1781. 

Avert, Thomas. Private, Capt. Simon Adams's co., Col. John Coller's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 20, 1781 ; service, 12 days ; regiment ordered out 
b}' Col. John Ashley of Gen. Fellows's brigade, on an alarm at the Northward. 

Avert, Tob'h. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co. ; enlisted July 19, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1773; service, 5 mos. 25 days. 

Avert, AValter, Charlemont. Private, Capt. Nahum Ward's co.. Col. David Wells's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 
1 mo., at the capture of Gen. Burgoyne. 

Avert, William. Capt. Warham Parks's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; order 
for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Avert, William. Private, Capt. Elijah Claji's co.. Col. John Dickinson's regt.; 
marched on Bennington alarm to New Providence, Aug. 17, 1777 ; service, 5 daj-s. 

Avert, William. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days; 
company raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Aves, Johx, Worcester. Private, Capt. John Pierce's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
(15th) regt.; Continental Array pay accounts for service from March 31, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. William Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster roll 
dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; also, Lieut. Daniel Grout's co., Col. 
Bigelow's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 1779, dated Providence; also, (late) Capt. 
Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence ; enlistment, 3 years. 

AvEUT, Seth, Scituate. Drummer, Capt. Isaiah Higgins's co., Col. Marshall's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Long Island, Sept. 2, 1776. 

Avis, . [This name also appears under the form of Aves.] 

Avis, Johx, Worcester. Pri\-ate, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 31, 1780; 
also, muster roll for Jan. -June, 1780, dated Robinson's Farms ; enlisted March 
31, 1777; discharged March 31, 1780; enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

AvoRET, William, Westfield. Private, Capt. Warham Parks's co.. Col. Danielson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 
days. 

AvoRT, Edward, Jr. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 5, 1777; reported 
deceased. 



370 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AvoRT, Samvel. Private, Capt. William Pearson's (3d) co. ; pay rolls for service from 
June 1, 1776, to Nov. 18, 1776, 5 mos. 18 days, at Gloucester. 

AvRELL, "William, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co., Col. Moses 
Little's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days. 

AvRET, David, New Ipswich. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Ezra Town's co.. 
Col. James Read's rejjt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, brown; 
eyes, dark; occupation, farmer; rank, Private ; birthplace, Townsend ; residence, 
New Ipswich; enlisted Maj' 4, 1775; mustered July 11, 1775. 

AvRET, Robert. Hand, schooner "Plymouth," commanded by Capt. Isaac Bartlett; 
engaged Dec. 31, 1776; discharged April 16, 1777; roll made up for 1 month 
advance wages; sailed to West Indies and back to Boston. 

AvKiLL, Brister. Private, Capt. Benjamin Peabody's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's (1st) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days. 
Roll dated Middleton. 

AvRiLL, Mark. Private, Capt. Benjamin Peabody's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's (1st) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days. 
Roll dated Middleton. 

AvRT, Gideon. List of prisoners sent on shore at Sheepscot River and Townsend from 
British ship "Rainbow," dated Sept. 12, 1777; certified Nov. 10, 1777, by Sir 
George Collier that said Avry was released by him without receipt. 

AvRY, RoswELL. Sergeant, Capt. William Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm from Gageborough to Manchester July 9, 1777, by 
order of Gen. Schuyler; service, 22 days. 

AwKiNS, Samvel. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Roxbury, July 3, 1779; Capt. 
Jennings's co., Boston regt.; age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7i in.; complexion, 
sandy; hair, brown; eyes, gray; enlistment, 9 months; received by Anthony 
Burke from Maj. Badlam for delivery to Justin Ely at Springfield; also, list of 
men who deserted from Capt. Burke's co. on the march from Boston to Spring- 
field; age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; complexion, sandy; hair, brown; eyes, 
gray ; received bounty from town of Boston for enlisting for 9 months service. 

AwL, William. Account of bounty paid him by Joseph Cummings, chairman of Class 
No. 6 of the town of Topstield, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 
years or during war, dated Jan. 14, 1782. 

AxDEL, Aaron. Corporal, Capt. John Howard's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's regt.; 
service, 30 days, at the reduction of Gen. Burgoyne; pay allowed in Council, May 
4, 1778. 

AxDEL, Daniel. Private, Capt. Brigham's co. ; receipt for wages for 1777 dated 
Grafton, March 6, 1778. 

Axdel, Paniel. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

AxiiELL, Moses, Sutton. Private, Capt. Arthur Dagget's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 mo. Roll dated Roxbury Camp. 

AxDiL, Moses. Private, Capt. John Nichols's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt.; 
marched Sept. 27, 1777, to reinforce Continental Army under Gen. Gates at the 
Northward; service, 30 days. Roll dated Charlton. 

AxELL, Henry. Seaman, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton; engaged July 10, 1776; discharged Dec. 25, 1776; service, 5 mos. 15 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 371 

AxTEL, Daniel. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's CO., Col. Ahijah Stearns's refft- ; enlisted 
April 1, 1778; discharged Jul.v 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with guards at 
Roxbury. 

AxTEL, Thomas. Private, Capt. Reul)en Sibley's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; marched 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12^ days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

AxTELL, . [This name also appears under the form of Asdell, Axdel, Axdell, 

Axdil, Axell, Axtel, Axter, Axtil, Axtile, Axtill, Axtol, Extel, Extell, Extels, 
Extil, Extill.] 

AxTELL, Aaron. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Healy's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light In- 
fantry) regt. ; ealisted Sept. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

AxTELL, Benjamin, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. George Wil- 
liams's regt.; service, 25 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; 
marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth. 

AxTELL, Daniel, Grafton. Private, Capt. Luke Drury's co., Gen. Ward's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, Capt. Manasseh 
Sawyer's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., 
dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 30, 1776; also, Capt. Moses Harrington's co.. Col. 
Dike's regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

AxTELL, Daniel. Private, Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Lieut. Col. AVheelock's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Bennington Aug. 21, 1777 ; service, 5 days. 

AxTELL, Ebenezek, Berklej% List of men mustered in Bristol Co. for service at 
Rhode Island, as returned by James Leonard, Muster Master, July 3, 1778; Col. 
John Hathaway's regt. ; enlistment, 6 months. 

AxTELL, Ezra. Capt. Samuel Tubbs's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775. 

AxTELL, Henry, Berkley. Private, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's (r2th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Dec. 30, 1780; also, muster roll for July, 1780, dated Steenrapie; reported 
transferred to light infantry co., July 1, 1780; also, Capt. Joseph Bates's (Light 
Infantry) co., 14th regt.; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780; also, Capt. Asa 
Coburn's (Light Infantry) co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; muster rolls 
for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

AxTELL, Samuel, Berkley. Capt. Samuel Tubbs's co., Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 
20, 1775 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for 
the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Berkley ; arrived at Springfield Jul}' 7, 
1780 ; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Berkley for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; marched July 3, 1780, to West Point; discharged Jan. 7, 
1781 ; service, 6 mos. 14 days. 

AxTELL, Thomas, Grafton. Private, Capt. Aaron Kimball's co.. Col. Artemus Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; discharged May 18, 1775; 
service, 32 days. 

AxTELL, William. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; 
service from Sept. 25, 1777, to Oct. 31, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days, on a secret expedition. 

Axtell, William, Norton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Morey's co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, de- 
scriptive list of men enlisted from Bristol Co. for the term of 9 months from the 



372 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

AxTELL, William, continued. 

time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 17, 1778; Matross co., 4th regt. ; age, 35 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark ; hair, black; eves, l)lack; residence, 
Norton; also reported as enlisting from Capt. Scth Smith's (10th) co., Col. John 
Daggett's regt. 

AxTER, Samuel, Scituate. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 2, 1778 ; Capt. 
Nicoles's CO., Col. Ilatherway's regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Scituate; n/so, list of men enlisted for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, dated Fort Arnold, July 3, 1778. 

Axtil, Daniel, Grafton. Private, Capt. Edmuiul Brigham's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 28 daj'S, 
at the Northward. 

Axtil, Daniel. Private, Capt. Isaac Harrington's co.. Col. Samuel Denney's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 1.") days ; enlistment, 
3 months ; company detached to march to Claverack to join Continental Army. 

AxTiLE, Ebenezek, Berkley. Private, Capt. Jacob Fuller's co., Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged Jan. 1.1779; service, 6 mos., at Rhode 
Island; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

AxTiLE, Ezra, Berkley (also given Middleborough). Private, Capt. Samuel Tubbs's 
CO., Col. Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.t; enlisted May 1, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 177.5]. 

AxTiLE, Samiel, Berkley. Private, Capt. Samuel Tubljs's co.. Col. Walker's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1 , 177') ; enlisted May 1, 177-5 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

AxTiLL, Daniel. Private, Capt. William Howe's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days; enlistment, 
3 months. 

AxTiLL, Henry, Berkley. Private, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779. 

AxTiLL, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Howe's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days; enlistment, 
3 months. 

AxTiLL, Sami:el, Berkley. Private, Capt. Zeljedee Redding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt.; muster roll for July, 1780, dated Steenrai)ie; enlisted July 7, 1780; 
enlistment, months ; also, list of men raised for the fi niontlis service and returned 
Ijy Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 2."), 1780. 

Axtol, Thomas, Berkley. Private, Cai)t. James Nickols's co.. Col. l-Ahvard Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 20 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 16, 
1776; stationed at Warren, R, I. 

Ayars, George, Boston. Cai)t. John Wood's co.. Col. Loanmii Baldwin's (26th) 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Caml)ridge, June 1, 1775; also, Private; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1. 1775; enlisted May 21, 1775; service, 2 mos. 12 days; also, 
list of men in Capt. Wood's co. who agreed to serve the month of Jan., 1776, 
dated Medford ; also, pay abstracts for Feb. and March, 1776. 

j\yer, . [This name also appears under the form of Aeors, Aiars, Air, Aire, Aires, 

Airs, Ares, Ayars, Ayers, Ayors, Ayr, Ayre, Ayree, Ayres, Ayrs, Eair, Fares, 
Ears, Eayers, Eayr, Eayres, Eayrs, Eyres, Eyrss.] 



IX THE WAIl OF THE REVOLUTION. 373 

Ayer, . Sergeant, Capt. Drury's co., Col. Nixon's regt. [year not given] . 

Ater, Bexjami.v, Buxton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June r>, 17S0; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Buxton; arrived at Springfield 
July 20, 1780 ; marched to camp July 20, 1780, under command of Capt. Benjamin 
Warren. 

Ater, Elijah. Captain, schooner " Neskquawoite " (Col. Allan's department); en- 
gaged May 15, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 24 days. 

Ater, Gilbert. Capt. Butler's co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; receipt for wages for 
Sept., 1776; also, Private, Lieut. Walker's (late Butler's) 8th co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, 
receipts for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Ater, Jacob. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Belknap's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 
pay roll for service from Nov, 1, 1778, to Jan. 1, 1779, 2 mos. 4 days. 

Ater, James, Haverhill. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Hill's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Samuel Clements, Col. Johnson's regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Camlmdge; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Nathaniel Marsh's co., Maj. 
Gage's regt.; enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 
days ; company raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Ater, Jasox, Brookfield. Private, Capt. William Henry's co., Worcester Co. regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1779 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, at Castle and 
Governor's Islands. 

Ater, John, Boston. Private, Capt. Russell's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; company re- 
turn [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Ater, Johx. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Dec. 1, 1775; 
reported on command at Ticonderoga. 

Ater, Johx. Private, Capt. Thomas Romery's co.. Col. Storer's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos. 3 days; company marched 
from York Co. to Manchester to join army under Gen. Gates. 

Ater, Johx. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. David Cobb's 
(5th) regt.; muster roll for Feb., 1783; enlistment, during war; reported served 
in place of Joseph Brooks ; on furlough. 

Ater, Jonathax, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co.. Col. Johnson's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6^ days ; 
also, Captain, 14th co., 4th Essex Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; com- 
missioned July 3, 1780 ; also. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
June 29, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 24 days; company raised 
to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ater, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Oilman's (6th) co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; return 
of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, receipt for 
wages for Oct. and Nov., 1776. 

Ater, Joseph. Gunner, Capt. Philip Marett's (5th) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for service from May 7 to Aug. 1, 1777, 2 mos. 24 days, dated 
Boston. 

Ater, Lot. Capt. Oilman's co., 4th regt.; receipt for wages due Jan. 1 [year not 
given], dated Camp Mt. Washington, Oct. 1, 1776. 

Ater, Moses, Pepperellborough. Private, Capt. John Elden's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt. ; return of men in service at Roxbury, Feb. 26, 1776; also, receipt for 
travel allowance dated Dorchester, April 1, 1776. 



374 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ayer, Moses, "Winthrop. List of men from "NVinthrop enlisted for 3 years "and not 
returned to this town " [j'ear not given] . 

Ater, Nathan-, Haverhill. Private, Capt. James Sawyer's co., Col. James Frj-e's 
rejrt.; return of men in camp at Camhridse, May 17, 1775; also, Corporal; com- 
pany return [prol)al>ly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 26, 1775. 

Ater, Nathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Marsh's co., Maj. Gage's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days; company raised to 
reinforce Northern array. lloU dated Haverhill. 

Ayer, Richard, Haverhill. Captain of a company. Col. Jolinsou's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7i days. 

Ayer, Richard, Bradford. Private, Cajit. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of \\m\ 19, 1775; service, 7 days ; also, return 
of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 

Ayer, Samuel, Jr., Haverhill. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Colby's co.. Col. Johnson's 
regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775, to Camluidge; service, 
2 days; also, Capt. Samuel Merrill's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 
1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days; company raised to rein- 
force Northern army. 

Ayer, Simon', Haverhill. Private, Capt. llicliard Ayer's (2d) co.. Col. Johnson's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days. 

Ayer, Thomas. Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co., Col. Moses Little's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 25, 1775. 

Ater, Thomas. Seaman, sloop "Tyrannicide," commanded l)y Capt. John PMsk; 
engaged July 24, 1776 ; discharged Sept. 30, 177G. Roll dated Salem. 

Ayer, William. Private, Capt. McFarland's (7th) co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; re- 
turn of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, receipts for 
wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Ayers, . Corporal, Col. Gerrish's regt. ; list of men stationed at Chelsea and 

Brookline, dated Aug. 3, 1775; reported ill at Chelsea of frequent hemorrhages 
from the lungs. 

Ayers, Aarox, Needham. Private, Capt. lloljert Smith's co., Col. William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of Ajiril 19, 1775 ; service, 14 days. 

Ayers, Benjamin, Buxton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camj) Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Buxton for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 14, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 30, 1781 ; service, 7 mos. 4 days ; rank, Corporal. 

Ayers, Benjamin, Freetown. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Mills's co., 
Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, 
light ; hair, brown ; occui)ation, cooper ; birthplace, Freetown ; residence, Free- 
town; enlisted July 29, 1780, by Lieut. Nason, at West Point; enlistment, during 
war; also. Private, Capt. Mills's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, 
dated Garrison at West Point; reported deserted Feb. 5, 1781. 

Ayers, David. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; pay 
abstract for mileage, etc., sworn to at Deerfield, Dec. 10, 1777 ; company served at 
Ticonderoga, 3 mos., from Sept. 1, 1776. 

Aters, Ebenezer, Granby. Sergeant, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, 
in 1776. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 375 

Ayers, Edward. Private, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay roll for service from Oct. 
25, 1781, to April '24, 1782, 6 mos., at Castle and Governor's Islands; also, pay 
roll for service from Oct. 25, 1782, to Dec. 10, 1782, 1 mo. 16 days, at Castle and 
Governor's Islands. 

Aters, Eli. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co., Col. Josiah "Whitney's regt. ; service 
from Aug. 2, 1778, to Sept. 13, 1778, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Ayers, Elijah, Machias. Sergeant and Courier, Capt. John Prebble's co., Col. John 
Allan's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Oct. 15, 1777. to 
June 1, 1779; employed at Machias in Indian affairs; also, Mate, schooner 
" Neashquowoite," doing shore duty at Machias ; Capt. Ephraim Chase's co., Col. 
John Allan's regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1779, to June 1, 1780, 6 mos. 

Aters, Elijah. Master's Mate, sloop " Defence," commanded by Capt. James Nivens ; 
engaged July 7, 1781 ; discharged Sept. 26, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 19 days. 

Ayers, Elijah, Jr. Petition dated Boston, Dec. 2, 1782, signed by himself and others, 
asking to be commissioned as commander of the schooner " Hawk ; " approved 
in Council, Dec. 3, 1782. 

Ayers, Elisha, St. Johns. Private, Capt. Reuben Dyar's co. ; enlisted June 24, 1777 ; 
discharged July 18, 1777 ; service, 24 days ; company raised between Mt. Desert 
and Machias for expedition to St. Johns. 

Ayers, Frederick, Chesterfield. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., Lieut. Col. 
Samuel Williams's regt.; enlisted Dec. 17, 1776; discharged March 20, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 14 days, at the Northward; also, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. William White's (1st) co., Hampshire Co. regt., dated 
April 2, 1779; enlistment, 3 years from March, 1777; also, Capt. Day's co., Col. 
Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
May 22, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls dated Cherry Valley, Feb. 24 
and May 4, 1779; also, Capt. Eliphalet Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts; reported 
prisoner with the enemy. 

Aters, Henry, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Samuel Ward's and Capt. Thomas Nash's cos., dated Weymouth, Jan. 2, 1778; 
residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Weymouth ; joined Capt. Brown's co., 
Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ayers, Jacob, Manchester. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Bald- 
win's (26th) regt. ; pay abstracts for Jan.-May, 1776. 

Ayers, James. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; ser- 
vice from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's 
troops at Winter Hill. Roll dated Bradford. 

Ayers, Jasox. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 5, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point ; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Ayers, Jedediah, Belchertown. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to order of 
general court of June 22, 1780; Capt. Dwight's co. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 
in.; complexion, light; residence, Belchertown; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ayers, Jesse. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Ayers, John, Boston. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 23, 1775; service, 2 mos. 10 



o7G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Aters, John, Hadlev. Capt. Moses Harvey's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's resrt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Ayers, John. Private, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Soul's) co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's rejit. ; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderof,'a, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Dec. 13, 1775. 

Ayers, John. Capt. Barnabas Sears's co. ; receipt for animtinitiou dated Camj) at 
Dorchester, Feb. 15, 1776. 

Ayers, John, Braintree. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
May 9, 1775; discharged Jan. 21, 1776; service, 8 mos. 12 days; enlistment, 8 
months; reported company stationed at Braintree from Jan. 1 to May 22, 1776. 

Ayers, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; pay roll 
for service from July 30, 1777, to Sept. 2, 1777, 1 mo. 3 days; marched from 
Brookfield to Half Moon and Bennington. 

Ayers, John, New Braintree. lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 1777; joined 
Capt. Harwood's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ayers, John. Private, Capt. Abel Holden's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (15th) regt.; 
muster roll for 1777 and 1778, dated Camp at Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; enlisted 
on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; reported deceased Aug. 20 [year not given] . 

Ayers, Joiin, Boston. lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Fel). U, 
1778; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Chelsea; joined Capt. Aljraliam 
Hunt's CO., Col. Patterson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Ayeks, John, Hadlev. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. "Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; reported re-engaged Nov. 
15, 1776, in Col. Wigglesworth's regt., but to remain in Col. Whitcomb's regt. 
until Dec. 31, 1776. 

Ayers, John, Boston. lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Swan's CO., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777; residence, Boston; 
enlisted for town of Stoughton; joined Capt. Abraham Hunt's co.. Col. Josei)li 
Vose's (also given Col. John Patterson's) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, 
Capt. Hunt's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 27 mos. 13 days as 
Private, 7 mos. 20 days as Corporal ; also, muster roll dated Camp near Valley 
Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; also, muster rolls for Nov., 1778, and March and April, 1779, 
dated Providence; promoted to Corporal May 1, 1779. 

Ayers, John, Dedham. Return of men raised agreeal)Ie to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted March 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ayers, John, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Feb. 12, 
1778; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Middleton; joined Capt. White's 
CO., Col. Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Ayers, John, Boston. List of men engaged for Continental service from Col. Gill's 
regt. [year not given] ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Stoughton ; joined 
Capt. Foster's co., Col. Greaton's regt. 

Ayers, Jonathan, Buxton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Caleb Low's (2d) co., dated Feb. 11, 1778; residence, Buxton; enlisted for town 
of Danvers; joined Capt. Lunt's co.. Col. Henley's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ayers, Jonathan. Lieutenant, Capt. John Blanchard's co.. Col. Wesson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Marcli 1, 1779; 
credited to town of Haverhill; reported a supernumerary March 1, 1779 (also 
given Oct. 10, 1778). 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 377 

Ayers, Joseph, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; en- 
listed May 9, 1775 ; service, 8 mos. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 30, 1775; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 
1776, 1 mo., at Weymouth. 

Ayeus, Joseph. Private, Capt. Abel Holden's (3d) co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's rest.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 30, 1777, to Aug. 20, 1777 ; 
reported deceased. 

Ayers, Joseph. Drummer, Capt. Edward Richardson's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted June 11, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos., at North River; 
roll dated Watertown ; also, pay roll dated West Point, Nov. 12, 1778; also, pay 
roll dated King's_Ferr}', Jan. 22, 1779. 

Aters, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Spurr's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; 
Continental Army j)ay accounts for service from Feb. 28, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster roll dated Highlands, June 12, 1779. 

Ayers, Joseph, Worthington. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Col. Israel Chapin's 
regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Worthing- 
ton ; enlisted July 5, 1780 ; joined Capt. Webber's co. ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ayers, Josiah, Weymouth. Matross, Capt. Jona. W. Edes's (4th) co.. Col. Crafts'a 
(Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1 to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Ayers, Lot, Haverhill. Private, Capt. John Blanchard's co.. Col. James Wesson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 17, 1777, to Oct. 3, 
1777 ; reported died Oct. 3, 1777. 

Ayers, Micaiah. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ayers, Nathan, Haverhill. Corporal, Capt. James Sawyer's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 [service not given] ; also, 
Capt. Timothy Eaton's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; pay abstract for 
travel allowance from Ticonderoga home, in 1776. 

Ayers, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 27 da.vs ; marched 
to reinforce Northern army. 

Ayers, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Robert Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detach- 
ment of guards, serving at Boston and Dorchester under Maj. Gen. Heath; en- 
listed Feb. 19, 1778; discharged April 26, 1778; service, 2 mos. 7 days. 

Ayers, Nathaniel, Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Guild's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted June 2, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776; service, 4 mos. 
29 days, at Hull; also, pay roll fori mo. 2 days service, from Nov. 1, 1776, 
dated Hull ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 13, 1778, dated Dor- 
chester, June 29, 1778; Capt. Smith's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; age, 18 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; hair, dark; e}-es, gray; nationality, American; occupation, 
husbandman; residence, Needham; received from Maj. Stephen Badlam and de- 
livered to Brig. Gen. Jonathan Warner at Fishkill, by Capt. Robert Davis. 

Ayers, Nathaniel. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Vinson's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 25, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at North 
River; regiment raised in Suffolk and Essex counties; also. Sergeant, Capt. 
Thomas Newcomb's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 25, 1781 ; 
discharged Dec. 5, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, at Peekskill. 

Ayers, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. Cyprian How's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 7 davs. 



378 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ayers, Pkter, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John Prescott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177'), to Cambridge; service, 9 days. 

Ayers, Peter, Manchester. Private, Capt. Richard Dodfie's co., Col. Baldwin's (38th) 
regt. ; return of men in service in Aug., 1775, dated Clielsea; also, Capt. Dodge's 
CO., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) regt. ; company return dated Chel- 
sea, Oct. 2, 177o; enlisted June 12, 177">; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775; also, pay alistract for Dec, 1775; 
enlisted Dec. 14, 1775 ; also, list of recruits for the new establishment dated Cam- 
bridge, Dec. 30, 1775 ; also, pay abstracts for Jan., April and May, 1776. 

Ayers, Peter, Jr. Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) regt.; 
list of men enlisted to serve in the new army dated Chelsea, Dec. 16, 1775 ; also, 
Private, Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.; i)ay abstracts for Jan., Feb., 
April and May, 1776; also, order for travel allowance from Trenton to Man- 
chester in 1776, dated Manchester, Nov. 22, 1777. 

Ayers, Richard, Bradford. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 6, 1775. 

Ayers, Richard. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Lion," commanded 
by Capt. Wingate Newman, dated Boston, July 12, 1781 ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark. 

Ayers, Samuel, Manchester. Capt. Richard Dodge's (3d) co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(38th) regt. ; certificate dated Chelsea, July 28, 1776, signed by David Jones, Sur- 
geon, certifying said Ayers to be unfit for duty; also. Corporal; list of men 
absent from muster dated Chelsea, Sept., 1775; reported sick 2 days; also, 
Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) regt. ; company return dated 
Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; enlisted Maj- 1, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Ayers, Samvel, Falmoutli. Fifer, Capt. William Crocker's co., Cumberland Co. regt. ; 
pay roll for service from March 1 to May 31, 1776; also, Capt. George White's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 13, 1776 ; roll made up for 3 mos. 
8 days, to time of arrival at Bennington. 

Ayers, Samuel. Fifer, Lieut. Joseph McLellan's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
marched Dec. 6, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 16, 1781 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at the East- 
ward ; company detached by order of Gen. Wadsworth to serve out balance of 
8 months term. 

Ayers, Stephen. Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Belcher- 
town, March 25, 1776. 

Ayers, Thomas, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co., Col. Moses 
Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days; a/.vo, company return [probabl^v Oct., 1775] ; age, 26 yrs. ; discharged 
Oct. 8, 1775; also, Capt. William Pearson's (.3d) co. ; enlisted Jan. 10, 1776; rolls 
made up to May 31, 1776; service, 4 mos. 21 daj's, at Gloucester; also, paj- roll 
for 1 mo. 22 days service l)etween June 1 and Aug. 31, 1776, at Gloucester. 

Ayers, William, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted Julj' 18, 1775; service, 5 mos. 14 days; also, order for liounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 30, 1775; also, pay roll for service 
from Jan. 1 to May 15, 1776, 4 mos. 15 daj'S, at AVeymouth. 

Ayers, William, Brookfield. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Liscoml)'s (9th) co.. Col. 
James Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; com- 
missioned May 31, 1776; also, list of officers; drafted to serve in Capt. Joseph 
Cutler's CO. [year not given] . 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 379 



Aykrs, AVilliam, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. in 1779; 
age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Haverhill; de- 
livered to Lieut. Grace; also. Private, Capt. Adams Bailey's co.. Col. John Bai- 
ley's (later Lieut. Col. Sprout's) 2d regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1780-Dec., 1781 ; 
enlisted Sept. 4, 1779; discharged June 4, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Ayers, "William. Private, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay roll for service from 
Oct. 25, 1781, to April 24, 1782, 6 mos., at Castle and Governor's Islands; also, 
pay roll for service from Oct. 25, 1782, to Jan. 20, 1783, 2 mos. 26 days, at Castle 
and Governor's Islands. 

Atlsworth, . [This name also appears under the form of Alesworth, Alsworth.] 

Aylsworth, Arthur. Capt. William Bacon's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 19, 1775. 

Aymes, John. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Buck's co. of volunteers. Col. Josiah Brewer's 
regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted July 30, 1779; discharged Aug. 14, 1779; 
service, 16 days, on expedition to Penobscot. 

Aymy, Hemax. Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (3d) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1776; rolls made up to Feb. 1, 1777; service, 5 mos. 18 days. 

Aynesworth, Benjamin, Brookfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West 
Point, Jan. 25, 1781 ; Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
4 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, gray ; residence, Brookfield ; enlisted 
May 1, 1780, by Sergt. Bartlett; enlistment, during war. 

Aynesworth, Lemuel, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Walker's co., Col. Danielson's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Aynesworth, Moses, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Walker's co., Col. Danielson's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Aynger, Robert, Billerica. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; age, 42 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light ; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Billerica; rank, Private; enlisted April 28, 1775. 

Aynswarth, Daniel, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d 
precinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 1§ mos. service. 

Aynswath, Moses, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d pre- 
cinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 5 mos. service. 

Ayn'sworth, Elemuel, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d 
precinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 [service not given] . 

Ayors, Aaron. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cousens's co., (late) Maj. Littlefield's regt.; 
enlisted July 6, 1779; discharged Aug. 24, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 daj's, on expe- 
dition to Penobscot ; company raised in York Co. 

Ayr, James. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Scott's co., Col. Joseph North's regt.; service 
from Sept. 10 to Sept. 12, 1777, 2 days, defending and retaking a mast-ship in 
Sheepscot River. 

Ayr, James. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Dec. 19, 1777; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
AVinter Hill. 

Ayr, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 29 days, on expe- 
dition to the Northward. 

Ayrault, . [This name also appears under the form of Ayrult.] 



380 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atrault, Nicholas, Sandisfield. Private, Capt. Heman Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Col- 
lar's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched to Stillwater Oct. 14, 1781 ; service, 11 days. 

Ayre, Aarox. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light In- 
fantry) regt.; pay abstract for 11 days service in Sept., 1779; also, pay abstract 
for Oct., 1779. 

Ayre, Elijah. Petition dated Boston, Nov. 26, 1781, signed by Robert Sharp and 
others, asking that said Ayre be commissioned as commander of the schooner 
"Kover" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Nov. 30, 1781, that a commission be 
issued. 

Atre, John, Boston. Private, Capt. Christopher Woodbridge's co.. Col. Smith's regt. ; 
Continental Array pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 6, 1780; 
reported deserted Oct. 6, 1780. 

Ayre, Samtel. Fifer, Capt. Joseph Noj'es's co. ; enlisted July 14, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 6 mos. 2 days, at Falmouth. 

Ayree, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Oliver's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
service, 67 daj^s, in Jerseys; pay allowed in Council, Aug. 12, 1777. 

Ayres, Aaron, Granby. Private, Capt. John Cowls's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 27 days. 

Ayres, Adam. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached agreeable 
to order of Council of May 7, 1777, from the Boston regt., to serve for 5 weeks 
under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Ayres, Amos. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Elisha Porter's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 38 days; marched to Moses Creek in July, 1777. 

Ayres, Benjamin, Freetown. Private, Capt. Mills's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from July 29, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, 
during war. 

Ayres, Buenos, BrooklieUl. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 17 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Brooktield; arrived at 
Springfield July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of 
Ensign Joseph Miller; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Brooktield for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; nuirched June 30, 
1780; discharged Dec. 7, 1780; service, 5 mos. 15 days. 

Ayres, David, Guilford. Private, Capt. Moses Draper's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect llill, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Ayres, Edward. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co., Maj. Thomas Lathrop's 
regt.; enlisted March 20, 1778; discharged April 4, 1778; service, 16 days, at 
Hull. 

Ayres, Edward. Private, Capt. -Lieut. William Burl)eck's co.. Col. John Hancock's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 11, 1779; rolls made up to Oct. 21, 1781 ; service, 22 mos. 15 
days, at Castle and Governor's Islands ; also, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay 
roll for service from April 25 to Oct. 24, 1782, mos., at Castle and Governor's 
Islands. 

Atres, Eleazer, Granby. Private, Capt. John Cowls's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
57 days. 

Ayres, Eleazer. Corporal, Capt. Phineas Smith's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; marched on an alarm at Bennington Aug. 17, 1777; service, 4 days. 



EST THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 381 

Ayres, Eli. Private, Capt. John Banister's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at the Northward. 

Ayues, Frederick. Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; list of 
men court-martial led; tried May 14, 1782 (or 3), by regimental court-martial, 
Capt. Lincoln, President, for disorderly behavior and insulting Sergt. Pike; sen- 
tence, 100 lashes; 50 remitted; also, list of men discharged; discharged June 8, 
1783, by Gen. AVashington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Ayres, Jabesh. Sergeant, Capt. Francis Stone's co.. Col. James Converse's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Bennington in Aug., 1777. 

Ayres, Jabez. Private, Capt. Thomas Whipple's co. ; service, .5 mos., between April 
20 and Dec. 20, 1760, with guards at Rutland. 

Ayres, Jacob, Manchester. Capt. Kimball's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; receipt foi 
advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also. Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; ser\-ice, 2 mos. 5 days; also, company 
return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Ayres, Jedediah, Belchertown. Private, Capt. Job Alvord's co.. Col. S. Murray's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 19, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 
2 mos. 29 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army; also, Capt. Oliver Coney's CO., Col. Sears's regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; 
discharged Nov. 15, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ayres, Johx. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. as returned b.v Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777 ; Capt. White's co., Col. Francis's 
regt. 

Ayres, Johx, Penol>scot. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Green's (South Leicester) co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Leicester, Feb. 11, 1778; 
residence, Penobscot; enlisted for town of Leicester; joined Capt. Allen's co.. 
Col. Crane's regt.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1781. 

Ayres, Johx, New Braintree. Private, Maj. Allen's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1778, to Aug. 31, 1778 ; 
reported died Aug. 31, 1778. 

Ayres, Johx, Hadley. Private, Capt. Harvey's co.. Col. J. Brewer's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 2 mos. 1 week, 4 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Smith's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated South 
Hadley, May 28, 1777; joined Capt. Haynes's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; 
also, Capt. Woodbridge's co., Col. Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Aaron Haynes's co. ; muster roll dated Valley Forge, May 2, 1778 ; also, 
muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp "Greeneage;" enlistment, during war; 
also, Capt. John K. Smith's co. ; muster roil dated Providence, May 5, 1779; 
reported transferred to Colonel's co., commanded by Capt.-Lieut. Woodbridge; 
also, muster roll dated May 5, 1779 ; reported transferred to light infantry. 

Ayres, John', Boston. Corporal, Capt. Green's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 1, 1780. 

Ayres, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 10, 1781 ; 
Light Infantry co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) regt.; age, 23 yrs. 10 mos.; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; eyes, light; residence, Boston; rank, 
Private; enlisted March 11, 1777, by Capt. White; enlistment, during war. 

Aykes, Johx. List of prisoners on board the cartel " Hostage," to l)e exchanged for 
British prisoners, as returned by Thomas Stone, Commissary [year not given] ; 
taken in the sloop "Retrieve" (privateer), of Casco Bay, by the British ship 
" Milford." 



382 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Atres, John, Jr., New Braintree. Retarn of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Converse's (4th AVorcester Co.) regt., dated Broolitield, Sept. 15, 1777 ; joined 
Col. Bigelow's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Atres, Joseph, Cambridge (probably). Private, Capt. Samuel Thatcher's co., Col. 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Atres, Josepii. Master Carpenter, Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; return 
of the staff dated Cambridge, June 16, 1775. 

Atres, JosEi-ir. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; list of men who refused to leave 
Boston, dated Boston, Sept. 22, 1777; also, Capt. Josepli Balch's co., Col. Crafts's 
regt. ; list of men who received bounty for 8 mos. service, from April 30, 1777, to 
Dec. 30, 1777. 

Atres, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Whipple's co , Col. James Converse's 
(Worcester Co.) regt. ; service, 3 daj-s, on an alarm at Rhode Island, in July, 
1777; marched to Providence, R. I.; roll dated New Braintree; also, Capt. 
Francis Stone's co., Col. Converse's regt. ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Ben- 
nington, in Aug., 1777. 

Atres, Joseph. Private, Sergt. William Warland's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 25, 1779; discharged Dec. 3, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at 
Albany. 

Ayres, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Spurr's co.. Col. Nixon's (6th) regt.; Continen- 
tal Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 20, 1780. 

Aykes, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's co., Col. Seth Murray's regt.; en- 
listed July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos.; enlistment, 3 
months; compan.v raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Atres, Jos'h. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards; enlisted Feb. 12, 1779; 
discharged May 11, 1779; service, 3 mos., at Boston, under Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Atres, Kemp. Wagon Conductor, Quartermaster-General's department at Fishkill; 
return of men in service Oct. 14, 1781. 

Atres, AkARiNER. List of men on board the sloop "Defence," commanded by Capt. 
James Nevins, dated July, 1781 ; reported a prisoner. 

Atres, Moses, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. D. Brewer's (9th) 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 1, 1775; service, 1 mo. 2 
days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. King's co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Roxbury, Dec. 2, 1775. 

Atres, Peter, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Belknap's (also given Capt. Nathan 
Fisher's) co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; enlisted July 21, 1778; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 15 days, on an alarm at Rliode Island; stationed at 
North Kingston, R. I.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for 
July-Aug., 1778, dated East Greenwich; also, muster roll for Jan.-Dec, 1778, 
dated North Kingston. 

Atres, Samuel. Fifer, Capt. William Crocker's co. ; pay roll for service from May 
31, 1776, to Aug. 31, 1776, 3 mos.; stationed at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Atres, Samlel, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford ; service, 3 days ; also, descriptive list 
of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 10, 1781 ; Capt. Goodale's co., 5th regt.; 
age, 44 yrs. 4 mos.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, 
dark; residence, Manchester; enlisted as Corporal Dec. 11, 1779, by Lieut. Col. 
Newhall; joined Capt. AVhite's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; enlistment, 
during war; also, Corporal, Capt. Hatfield White's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; Con- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 383 

Ayres, Samuel, continued. 

tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; re- 
ported as serving 7 mos. as Private, 5 mos. as Corporal; also, muster roll for 
Jan., 1781, dated West Point. 

Atres, Stephen, Belchertown. Private, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Warner's rest., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1773, to Cambridge; service, S)^ days; also, Capt. Bardwell's co.. Col. D. 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 1 
mo. 3 weeks, 2 days; reported died June 18, 1775. 

Ayres, Stephex. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Ayres, Thomas. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Fisk; engaged Sept. 30, 1776; discharged Feb. 17, 1777; service, 4 mos. 17 days. 

Ayres, Timothy. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticoiideroga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 11, 1776; 
reported re-engaged Nov. 15, 1776, in Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. 

Ayres, Wii.LiA:\r. Private, Capt. -Lieut. William Burbeck's co.. Col. John Hancock's 
regt. ; pay rolls for service from Jan. 21, 1780, to Oct. 24, 1781, 21 mos. 5 days, at 
Castle and Governor's Islands ; also, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; enlisted April 
25, 1782; discharged Oct. 24, 1782; service, 6 mos., at Castle and Governor's 
Islands. 

Ayrs, . Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; return 

of men for wages for March, 1776. 

Ayrs, Buenos, Brookfield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, Private, Capt. John Cutler's co., Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 27, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days ; 
arrived at West Point Sept. 3, 1781. 

Ayrs, David. Capt. Moses Draper's co.. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Ayrs, Frederick, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 19yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
11 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Boston; 
enlisted May, 1777 ; joined Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; list of 
prisoners; taken prisoner Oct. 17, 1781, at Croton River; exchanged June 20, 1782. 

Ayrs, Jacob. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt.; return of wages for March, 1776; also, order for travel allowance from 
Trenton to Manchester in 1776, dated Manchester, Nov. 22, 1777. 

Ayrs, John, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted May 5, 1777 ; discharged July 6, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Ayrs, John. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Dec. 24, 1777; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; enlistment, during war; 
reported deserted Jan. 1, 1777. 

Ayrs, Joseph, New Braintree. Private, Capt. John Granger's co. of minute-men. Col. 
Jonathan Warner's regt. ; enlisted April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 weeks 1 day. 

Ayrs, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; ser- 
vice, 2 days, subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

Ayrs, Joseph. Drummer, Capt. John Walton's co. ; list of men who went to Noddle's 
Island Dec. 9, 1776 ; enlisted for York Dec. 13, 1776. 



384: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXT) SAILORS 

Atrs, Joseph, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcomb's retrt. ; 
roll made up from time of arrival at Providence, R. I., Ai)rir27, 1777; discharged 
June 27, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, mus- 
ter roll dated Bristol, June 27, 1777. 

Ayrs, Peter. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loanuiii Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstracts for Feb., March and June, 1776. 

Ayrs, Peter, Jr. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26tli) 
regt. ; pa}' abstract for June, 1776. 

Ayrs, Samvel. Fifer, Capt. William Crocker's co., Col. Mitchell's regt.; discharged 
Nov. 23, 1776; service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Ayrs, Samiel. Corporal, Capt. Hatfield White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (ith) regt.; 
muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Ayrvlt, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Walcott's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt., Brig. Gen. John Fellows's Inigadc; marched Sept. 19, 1777, by order 
of Gen. Gates to reinforce Northern army ; discharged Oct. 4, 1777 ; service, 16 
days. 

Ayston, John, Beverly. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt.; enlisted April 25, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Warren. 

Ayton, Samuel. Private, Capt. Bartholomew York's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
(18th) regt.; muster roll for the year 1776, dated Boston; enlisted Feb. 12, 1776, 
by Lieut. Graves. 



Baakek, Benjamin. List of men in service during June, 177"), as shown on an 
armorer's account. 
Baarn, Ehenezer. Sergeant, Capt. John Gibbs's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th 
Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched to Falmouth Sept. 10, 1779, on an alarm; service, 
3 days. 

Baars, John, Adams. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to act of 1780; 
Capt. Low's CO., Col. Simonds's regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, cordwainer; residence, Adams; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; aho. Private, Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (6th) regt. ; returns of men in service Jan., 1781-Dec., 1782 ; time allowed 
from Fell. 20, 1781 ; reported absent in Dec, 1782. 

Bah, James, Deer Island. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d 
Essex Co. regt., dated Essex, Feb. 16, 1778; residence. Deer Island; enlisted for 
town of Newl)uryport ; joined Capt. D. Pillsbury's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Babarian, Peter. Seaman, brigantine " Hazard," coninianded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated July 20, 1779; nationality, 
Italian; stature, 5 ft. 3^ in. 

Bakat, Asa. Private, Capt. Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's regt.; i)ay aljstract for 
3 mos. service in 1780. 

Baku, . [This name also appears under the form of Bab, Babljc.] 

Babb, Benjamin, Loudon. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to act of 
1780; Capt. Cook's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, T) ft. 4 in.; 
complexion, light; hair, l)rown; occupation, lal)orer; residence, Loudon; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, list of men who received bounty from the town of Loudon 
for enlisting into Continental Army for 3 years, dated April 21, 1781. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION". 385 

Babb, Jabies. Seaman, schooner "Diligent," commanded by Capt. John Lambert; 
engaged April 8, 1776 ; discharged June 18, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days. 

Babb, James, Casco Bay. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co., as returned by N. 
Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, April 27, 1777; Capt. Daniel Pillsbury's 
CO., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; also, Private, Cai)t. Pillsbury's co.. Col. 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; re- 
ported deceased ; also, muster return ; residence, Casco Bay ; enlisted for town of 
Newburyport. 

Babb, James, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Paul Ellis's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 21, 1777, to Dec. -, 
1777 ; reported de«erted Dec, 1777. 

Babb, James, Falmouth. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Peter 
Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., made up on a settlement authorized by 
resolve of April 29, 1778 [name crossed out on roll] . 

Babb, Joseph. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. as returned l)y Nathaniel Barber, 
dated Boston, Aug. 17, 1777 ; Capt. William Scott's co.. Col. David Henley's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co., Col. Hen- 
lej-'s regt. ; pay roll for April, 1778, dated Providence ; reported sick but present; 
also, Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Henley's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778. 

Babb, Joseph, Tewksbury (also given Peterborough). Private, Capt. Joseph Fox's 
CO., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
July 9, 1777, to May 29, 1779 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported deserted ; also, mus- 
ter roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; reported on command at Newtown. 

Babb, Peter. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781; enlisted July 20, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, 
muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; also, muster roll for Jan., 
1782, dated West Point; also, muster roll for March, 1782, dated York Hutts; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army during 1781-82, reported unfit 
for service ; enlisted for town of Newbury ; age, 17 yrs. 4 mos. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; 
disability, lameness in hip; enlistment, 3 years. 

Babb, Peter, Falmouth. Private, Capt. John Brackett's co., which marched April 21, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to headquarters ; service, 5 days; 
also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Pride's (Falmouth) co., Col. Fogg's (Cumber- 
land Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; chosen by field officers Dec. 9, 
1776 ; also, Capt. John Starbird's (6th) co., 1st Cumberland Co. regt. ; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 1, 1777; also, Capt. Peter Warren's co., 
Col. Jonathan Mitchell's regt. ; marched July 1, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; 
service, 2 mos. 25 days; company detached for expedition to Penobscot. 

Babb, William, Falmouth. Private, Capt. John Brackett's co., which marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to headquarters ; service, 5 days ; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Edward Grow's (York) co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775 ; also, Capt. Philip Hubbard's co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776 ; 
service, 9 mos. 23 days ; stationed at Kittery Point and Old York. 

Babb, William. List of prisoners on board the cartel "Hostage" to be exchanged 
for British prisoners, as returned by Thomas Stone, Commissary [year not given] ; 
taken in the sloop "Retrieve" (privateer), of Casco Bay, by the British ship 
"Milford." 

Babbadge, James. Pilot, ship " Mars," commanded by Capt. James Nevins; engaged 
March 23, 1781; discharged June 12, 1781; service, 2 mos. 20 days. Roll dated 
Boston. 



386 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Babbage, Christopher. Ensign ; list of sea coast officers ; commissioned June 27, 
1776; company stationed at Salem. 

Babbat, Benjajiin. Sergeant, Capt. Matthew Randall's co., Col. Abiel Mitchell's 
regt. ; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 5 days; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bahbe, Peter. Trivate, Capt. John Williams's CO., Col. Joseph A'ose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill; enlisted July 20, 1781 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Babbet, Abel. Private, Lieut. Abiel Whitmarsh's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
marched to Tiverton, II. I., July 29, 1780, on an alarm; discharged July 31, 1780; 
service, 3 days. 

Babbet, Abijah. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Jan. 9, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; stationed at Warwick, R. I. Roll sworn to 
at Swanzey. 

Babbet, Akijah. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers, acting as boatmen; service, 
20i days, from Aug. 11, 1778. 

Babbet, Asa. Private, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Stearns's regt. of guards; 
enlisted March 27, 1778; discharged July 29, 1778; service, 3 mos. 6 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention at Cambridge. 

Babbet, Daxiel, Athol. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co.. Col. Jolm Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlisted June 30, 1778 ; service, 6 mos. 7 days. 

Babbet, Daniel, Athol. Private, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co. ; enlisted June 30, 1778; 
roll dated Middleton, Aug. 27, 1778. 

Babbet, David, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched Oct. 14, 1780; service, 7 days, at the 
Northward; also, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Asa Barnes's regt.; marched 
on an alarm to Saratoga, Oct. 29, 1781 ; ser\ice, 11 days. 

Babbet, Ebexezer, Taunton. Sergeant, Capt. Luscombe's co.. Col. Walker's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Babbet, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Rufus Barney's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 10, 1778; service, 1 mo. 13 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Babbet, Edward, Norton. Private, Capt. Seth Gilbert's (2d) co., Col. John Daggett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, 2d 
Lieutenant, Capt. Israel Trow's (5th) co.. Col. John Daggett's (4th) regt.; list of 
officers of Mass. militia dated Attleborough, March 18, 1776; commissioned 
March 21, 1776; also, petition for discharge, granted in Council, June 16, 1778. 

Babbet, Gideox. Private, Lieut. Abiel Whitmarsh's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., July 29, 1780, on an alarm ; discharged July 31, 
1780; service, 3 days. 

Babbet, Isaac, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Nickols's co., Col. Jolm Daggct's regt. ; 
marched Jan. 10, 1778; service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 
months, from Jan. 1, 1778. 

Babbet, John, Berkley. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 19, 1778 ; Capt. 
Ebenezer Paul's (2d) co.. Col. Edward Pope's (2d) regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; hair, ])lack; eyes, black; residence, Berkley; 
mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master; enlistment, 9 months from time of 
arrival at Fishkill. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 387 

Eabbet, Joh.v, Lanesboroujrh. Corporal, Capt. Asa Barns's cc, Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched Oct. 14, 1780 ; service, 7 days, at the 
Northward; also, pay roll for 10 days service on an alarm at the Northward, 
from Oct. 26, 1780; also, Serjeant, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Asa Barnes's 
regt.; marched to Saratoga Oct. 29, 1781; service, 11 days. 

Babbet, Levi, Norton. Private, Capt. Seth Gilbert's (2d) co., Col. John Daggett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Babbet, Samuel, Brookfield. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas 
Newhall, Muster Master ; Capt. Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; mustered May 
19, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, list of men returned b}' committee for settling 
disputes betweenltowns as to soldiers credited to them, dated Barre, June2r), 1778; 
claimed by Capt. Prouty of Spencer ; allowed to Capt. Gilbert of Brookfield. 

Babbett, Daxiel, Athol. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted June 30, 1778; service, 6 mos.; a^so, muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 
1778, dated Freetown ; reported sick in hospital; «/so, muster roll for Jan.-Oct., 
1778, dated Freetown ; reported sick and absent; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Babbett, Edward, Norton. Lieutenant, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt. ; service, 6 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Babbett, Is.aac. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchell's regt.; 
enlisted July 29, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 31, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Babbett, Johx. Private, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1778, to Jan. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 

Babbett, Ziba, Taunton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Babbidge, . [This>name also appears under the form of Babidge, Babbadge, Bab- 

bage, Babbig.] 

Babbidge, Christopher, Salem. Ensign, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted 
Jan. 22, 1776; discharged July 27, 1776; service, 6 mos. 3 days, at Salem; pro- 
moted from Sergeant, June 27, 1776 ; reported transferred to the " Tyrannicide ; " 
a^so, Gunner, sloop " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; engaged 
July 25, 1776; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1777; also, Master, sloop "Jonathan" 
(of Salem) ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct., 1780 ; age, 38 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Salem; also, petition dated 
Boston, Feb. 12, 1782, signed by Elisha Sigoumey, asking that said Babbidge be 
commissioned as commander of the schooner "Fly" (privateer); ordered in 
Council, Feb. 12, 1782, that a commission be issued. 

Babbig, John, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the sloop "Race Horse," 
commanded by Capt. Clifford Byrne, dated June 7, 1780; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Babbit, Abel, Berkley. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Tubbs's co.. Col. Jacob French's regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned March 26, 1776 ; regiment raised in 
Bristol and Cumberland counties; stationed at Winter Hill, Feb. 27, 1776; also, 
2d Lieutenant, Capt. Zebedee Redding's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; return 
of officers for 46 days rations, from April 11, 1776 ; also, return of officers in Col. 
Whitney's regt. ; commissioned Sept. 7, 1776 ; regiment raised for defence of 
Boston; also, pay roll for 3 mos. 20 days service prior to Aug. 1, 1776; also, pay 
rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos. 

Babbit, Abel. Captain, Col. John Hathaway's regt.; marched Aug. 1, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



388 IVIASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Babbit, Abel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. James Dean's regt. ; 
enlisted March 8, 1781; discharged March H, 1781; service, 6 days; company 
detached from towns of Freetown, Berkley and Dighton for tlie term of 40 days 
unless sooner discharged. 

Babbit, Abijah. Corporal, Capt. Abel Babbit's co., Col. John Ilathawaj^'s regt. ; 
marched Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Babbit, Amariah, New Ashford. Captain, Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; marched to Manchester July 9, 1777 ; discharged July 24, 1777 ; service, 
16 days ; also, pay roll for 6 days service from Aug. 14 to Aug. 19, 1777 ; marched 
to Meloomscuyck near Bennington ; also, certificate dated AVilliamstown, Oct. 24, 
1777, given by Col. Simonds, certifying that said Babbit served as captain 6 days 
at Bennington; also, pay roll for 5 days service at the Northward on an alarm, 
Oct. 14, 1780 ; also, Col. Barns's regt. ; service, 8 days, on an alarm in Oct., 1781. 

Babbit, Asa. Private, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards; muster rolls dated Cambridge, May 9 and June 1, 1778; enlisted 
March 28, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 mouths, from April 2, 1778. 

Babbit, Benajah. Capt. Samuel Tubbs's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Babbit, Bexajah (also given Baxaiah), Berkley. Capt. Zebedee Bedding's co.. Col. 
Josiah Whitney's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at Hull, June 21, 
1776; also. Corporal; pay roll for 2 mos. 23 days service jmor to Aug. 1, 1776; 
also, pay rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos. ; also, list of 
men dated Camp at Hull_ Sept. 17, 1776. 

Babbit, Bexjamin, Berkley. Capt. Zebedee Bedding's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Camp at Hull, June 21, 1776; also. Private; 
pay roll for 2 mos. 13 days service prior to Aug. 1, 1776 ; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 
2 days service from Aug. 1, 1776; reported died Sept. 3, 1776. 

Babbit, David, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm at the Northward Oct. 26, 1780 ; ser- 
vice, 5 days. 

Babbit, Ebexezer, Taunton. Sergeant, Capt. Robert Crossman's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Leonard's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 12 days; also, Capt. Crossman's co.. Col. George 
Williams's regt. ; service, 24 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
discharged Dec. 30, 1776; marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth. 

Babbit, Ebenezek, Dighton. Private, Capt. James Briggs's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 2, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 
1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days. 

Babbit, Elijah, Greenwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to order 
of court of June 22, 1780; Capt. Wilson's co. ; age, 38 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; 
complexion, dark ; residence, Greenwich ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Babbit, Elkaxah. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Symonds's regt.; 
marched on an alarm from Lanesborough to Manchester July 9, 1777; service, 
8 days. 

Babbit, Elkaxau. Private, Capt. AV)el Babbit's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 6 days. 

Babbit, Exismis. Seaman, schooner "Active," commanded by Capt. Andi'ew Gardner 
[service not given] ; roll dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 380 

Babbit, Erasmis. Capt. John Black's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Babbit, Erasmus, Berkley. Capt. Zebedee Redding's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
order for advance pay, etc., dated Camp at Hull, June 21, 1776; also. Private; 
pay roll for 2 nios. 23 days service prior to Aug. 1, 1776 ; also, Capt. James Briggs's 
CO., Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched from Dighton on a secret expedition to Rhode 
Island Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Oct. 20, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days; 
also, Capt. James Nickols's co.. Col. John Dagget's regt. ; marched Jan. 13, 1778 ; 
service, 2 mos. 20 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months from Jan. 1, 
1778; also, Sergeant, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co.. Col. Samuel Dennj-'s (2d) 
regt.. Gen. Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Claverack. Roll dated Petersham. 

Babbit, GIDE0^f, Berkley. Private, Capt. Joseph Ball's co.. Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 12 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 
1776; stationed at Warren, R. I. 

Babbit, Gideox. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hathaway's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 20, 1777 ; roll made up to Aug. 
24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days. Roll sworn to at Dighton. 

Babbit, Gidkox. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. John Hathaway's (Bristol 
Co.) regt., Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the 
alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; service, 7 days. 

Babbit, Isaac. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt.; 
enlisted May 20, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at Tiver- 
ton, R. I. 

Babbit, Isaac. Private, CapJ. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. James Dean's regt. ; 
enlisted March 8, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 6 da}'s; company 
detached from Freetown, Berkley and Dighton for the term of 40 days unless 
sooner discharged. 

Babbit, Joel, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Jonathan Carriel's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted June 20, 1776 ; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 11 days ; 
also, order for advance pay dated Camp at Hull, Sept., 1776 ; also, pay roll for 
service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, 3 mos. ; roll dated Hull ; also, pay roll 
for 1 mo. 4J days service in Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, Capt. Field's co.. Col. 
William Sheppard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 
13, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Reuben Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; 
muster return dated Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778; also, muster rolls for July, 
Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Providence ; reported under confinement in Nov. ; 
also. Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to May 12, 1780; also, return dated West Point, Jan. 28, 1780. 

Babbit, Joel, Marlborough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; 
age, 25 jts. ; stature, 5 ft. 7^ in.; complexion, light; hair, light; eyes, blue; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Marlborough; enlisted April 12, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Babbit, Johx, Lanesborough. 4th Corporal, Capt. Barns's co.. Col. Woodbridge's 
regt. ; company return dated Sept. 28, 1775 ; also. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's 
CO., Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged Jul.v 25, 1777; 
service, 26 days ; stationed at Fort Ann. Roll sworn to at Lanesborough. 

Babbit, John, Berkley. Capt. Zebedee Bedding's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
petition for increase and payment of wages dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776; 
a^so. Private ; pay rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776,4 mos.; 
also, Capt. Philip Hathaway's co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; service, 1 mo. 27 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll sworn to Nov. 28, 1777. 



390 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Babbit, Johx, Pittsfield. Capt. "William Francis's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's regt. ; 
marched to Fort Edward July 8, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 2G, 1777 ; service, 7 weelis. 

Babbit, Johx, Berkley. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Bristol Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 1<S, 1778; Col. Pope's 
regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; statnre, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Berkley. 

Babbit, John. Private, Capt. Abel Babbit's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 7 
days. 

Babbit, Johx, France. Seaman, brig "Adventure," commanded by Capt. James 
Morris; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 26, 1780; age, 14 yrs.; 
complexion, negro; residence, France. 

Babbit, Joiix, New Ashford. Capt. Station's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
return of men drafted from Berkshire Co. militia who marched to Horse Neck 
[year not given] ; reported failed to join regiment. 

Babbit, Levi, Norton. Private, Capt. Silas Cobb's co., Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 177"); service, 3 mos. 7 days; 
also, receipt for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Braiutree, Dec. 21, 
1775. 

Bahbit, Nathax, 2d, Norton. Private, Capt. Seth Gilbert's (2d) co., Col. John 
Daggett's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; joined April 27, 
1775 ; service, 4 daj'S. 

Babbit, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. "William Marean's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) 
regt. of guards ; muster roll dated Cambridge, May 9, 1778 ; enlisted March 28, 
1778 ; enlistment, 3 months, from April 2, 1778. 

Babbit, Nathaniel. Capt. Peter "Woodbury's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 4, 1778 ; discharged July 30, 1778 ; service, 27 days, at 
Cambridge. Roll dated Lancaster. 

Babbit, Nathaniel, Athol. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of G months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Athol; arrived at Springfield 
July 6, 1780; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Athol for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780 ; marched July 2, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 17, 1780 ; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 16 days. 

Babbit, Sajitel, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Jonathan Carriel's co., Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May 27, 1776 ; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776 ; service, 2 
mos. 5 days; also, receipt for wages dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776; also, pay 
roll for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, dated Hull; also, pay roll for 
1 mo. 4^ days service in Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, Drummer, Capt. Field's co., 
Col. Shejipard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 15, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Reuben Slayton's co., Col. William Shepard's 
regt.; muster i-eturn dated Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778; also, muster rolls for 
July, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; reported sick in 
Pennsylvania in July and Aug. ; also. Colonel's co.. Col. Shcppard's regt. ; also, 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; also, Continental Army 
pa.v accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 15, 1780; also, return dated 
West Point, Jan. 28, 1780. 

Babbit, Samuel. Receipt for bounty paid liim by Capt. Thomas Newell, chairman of 
Class No. 2 of the town of Leicester, to serve in the Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Worcester, June 20, 1782. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 391 

Babbit, Seth, Ilardwick. Private, Capt. Simeon Hazeltine's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 days; 
also, companj' return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, list of men entitled to receive a 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Hardwick, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Babbit, Seth. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. James Convers's regt.; 
marched to Bennington Aug. 21, 1777, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 31, 1777; 
service, 10 days. 

Babbit, Snellum, Norton. Private, Capt. Silas Cobb's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 29, 1777; discharged Jan. 2, 1778; service, 4 mos. 4 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Babbit, Uki, Athol. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Athol; arrived at Springfield 
July 6, 1780 ; inarched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Athol for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780; marched July 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 16 daj's. 

Babbit, Uriah. Private, Capt. Nathan Hamilton's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
pay abstract for sers'ice from Aug. 3 to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 29 days. 

Babbit, Uriah (also given Uri), Athol. Return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. John Oliver's co., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Blanchard's 
CO., Col. Wesson's regt. ; enlistment to expire Jan. 10, 1780 ; also, list of men mus- 
tered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; Capt. Blanchard's 
CO., Col. Wesson's regt. ; mustered June 13, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Babbit, Ziba, Taunton. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted June 1, 1778; service, 11 days; company detached to guard the shore in 
Freetown, by order of Brig. Gen. George Godfrey ; also, Capt. Pelatiah Eddy's co., 
Col. John Hathaway's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted March 23, 1779; discharged 
April 15, 1779; service, 24 days, at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I.; 
also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 
6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 17 yrs.; statui-e, 5 ft. 4 in.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Taunton; arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; 
marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. Daniel Shay ; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Taunton for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780 ; marched July 10, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 15, 1780 ; service, 
5 mos. 15 days. 

Babbit, Ziba. Private, Capt. John Fuller's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 

Babbitt, . [This name also appears under the form of Babat, Babet, Bal)ett, Babit, 

Bable, Babot, Babbat, Babbet, Babbett, Babbit, Babbot, Bobit, Bobitt, Bobbet, 
Bobbit.] 

Babbitt, Abiathar. Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Keyes's regt. ; enlisted July 10, 
1777; pay abstract for bounty allowed from Oct. 10, 1777, to Jan. 4, 1778, 2 mos. 
25 days ; also, list of men who received arms from the province dated North 
Kingston, Dec. 15, 1777. 

Babbitt, Amariah. Captain, 11th co.. Col. Simonds's 7th Essex Co. (also given 2d 
Berkshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 3, 1778. 

Babbitt, Ebenezer. Capt. Francis Luscomb's co., Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej^, dated Roxbury, Nov. 27, 1775. 



392 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Babbitt, Ebenezer. Sergeant, Capt. Nehemiah Pratt's co.. Col. Mitchell's regt., com- 
manded by Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched on an 
alarm to Tiverton, R. I., Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days. 

Babbitt, Gideon. Private, Capt. Elijah "Walker's co. ; list of men in service at Rhode 
Island in 1780. 

Babbitt, Ziha, Taunton. Private, Capt. Daniel Drake's co.. Col. Drury's (Bristol Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 23, 1781 ; arrived in camp Sept. 1, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 
1781; arrived home Dec.lO, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days ; marched to North River. 

Babbot, Abiathar. Private, Capt. Thomas Whipple's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; 
enlisted March 30, 1778; roll made up to July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days, 
guarding troops of convention. 

Babbot, Joel, Brookfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental .\rmy from Col. 
Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Sept. 15, 1777 ; joined Capt. Slayton's 
CO., Col. Shepherd's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Babbot, Nathaniel, Athol. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as ha^^ng passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Babbot, Uriah, Athol. Private, Capt. Jolm Blanchard's co., Col. James Wesson's 
(9th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 14, 1777, to May 
14, 1780 ; reported discharged. 

Babcak, John. Private, Capt. Andrew Lusk's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 13, 1777; service, 23 days, with Northern army. 

Babcock, . [This name also appears under the form of Babcak, Babcok, Babrock, 

Badcock.] 

Babcock, Abraham. List of men who enlisted for the town of Granville for 3 years, 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; enlisted March 19, 1781 ; also, Private, Capt. 
Elnathan Haskell's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster rolls for June- 
Sept., 1781; enlisted March 14, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; a/so, muster rolls for 
Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Babcock, Amos, Mashpee (also given Barnstable) . Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated 
June 10, 1777; residence, Mashpee; enlisted for town of Sandwich; joined Capt. 
Benson's co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; 
reported mustered April 15, 1777. 

Babcock, Amos, Towsey. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Oct. 3, 1776; tried by general court-martial, Maj. Morris, 
President; charged with counterfeiting bills of credit; no evidence found against 
him; acquitted. 

Babcock, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's co.. Col. Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 21 days, between Jan. 9 and Feb. 3, 1777 ; also, receipt for wages dated War- 
wick, 1777. 

Babcock, Benjamin, Dartmouth. Corporal, Capt. Robert Earl's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; service from July 29, 1778, to Sept. 11, 1778, 1 mo. 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Babcock, Benjamin. Corporal, Capt. George Claghorn's co., Col. Abiel Mitchell's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 2 days ; company raised to reinforce Continental ^Vrmy. 

Babcock, Daniel, Pittsfield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned. 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 393 

Babcock, Daniel, Murrayfield (Chester). Return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Black's co., Col. Mosele3''srefz:t., dated Oct. 26, 1780 ; enlistment, 
6 months ; raised by order of Brig. Gen. Danderson ( ? ), agreeable to resolve of 
June, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Murrayfield for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Aug. 27, 1780; discharged 
Feb. 27, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 6 days. 

Babcock, David. Matross, Capt. Perez Cushing's co., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; 
abstract of wages made up to Sept. 22, 1778, excluding month of Aug. ; enlisted 
April 30, 1778; service at Dartmouth, 3 mos. 23 daj'S. 

Babcock, Eastland. Private, Capt. Avery Parker's co., Col. John Hathaway's (2d 
Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Babcock, Ebenezer. Drummer, Capt. Walter McFarland's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 
3 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. 
Dean's regt. ; enlisted March 7, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 11 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island, by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Babcock, Elias, Partridgefield (also given Northampton). Corporal, Capt. Nathan 
Watkins's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; muster return made agreeable to order 
of Council of Dec. 26, 1777 ; residence, Partridgefield ; enlisted for town of North- 
ampton ; also, Capt. A. "Williams's co., Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from May 19, 1777, to May 19, 1780. 

Babcock, Elisha, Littleton. Sergeant, Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's (26th) regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]; discharged Sept. 27, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 16, 1775. 

Babcock, Elisha. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; pay 
abstract for mileage dated Dec. 1, 1776. 

Babcock, Enoch. Sergeant, Capt. Francis Stone's co.. Col. James Converse's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; service, 3 days, in Aug., 1777, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Babcock, George. Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775; 
reported died Aug. 23, 1775. 

Babcock, George. Corporal, Capt. William Watkins's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777; enlisted 
Dec. 16, 1776; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Babcock, George W. Commander, ship " General Mifflin ; " descriptive list of officers 
and crew, dated Boston, Sept. 9, 1780 ; age, 29 yrs. ; complexion, light ; residence, 
Massachusetts; also, petition dated Boston, June 11, 1781, signed bj' Thomas 
Harris, in behalf of himself and others of Boston, asking that said Babcock be 
commissioned as commander of ship " Venus " (privateer) ; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; ordered in Council, June 11, 1781, that a com- 
mission be issued ; also, petition dated Boston, May 27, 1782, signed by Samuel 
Tucker and others, asking that said Babcock be commissioned as commander of 
schooner "Hero" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, May 27, 1782, that a com- 
mission be issued. 

Babcock, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Amos Green's co., Col. Joseph Noyes's regt.; pay 
roll for 20 days service from Dec. 25, 1776, to Jan. 8. 1777; stationed at South 
Kingston. 

Babcock, James. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co., Col. Gill's regt.; service, 27 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 8, 
1781, for the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 



394 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Babcock, Jeremiah. Private, Lieut. Colonel's cc, Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Con- 
tinental ^\rmy pay accounts for service from Aug. 9, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Babcock, Jethro. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Avery Parker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
(2d Bristol Co.) regt.; marched Aug. 3, 1780, on an alarm at Rhode Island; (dis- 
charged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days. 

Babcock, Johx. Private, Capt. "William Fletcher's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched on an expedition to Bennington Aug. 22, 1777; 
discharged Aug. 29, 1777 

Babcock, John, Deerfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Dickinson's (1st) co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt., dated Sept. 4, 1777; joined Capt. 
Burton's co., Col. Sherburne's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Babcock, John. Receipt for wages for 8 mos. service dated June 30, 1778, given to 
Capt. William Douglas. 

Babcock, Johx, Hallowell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Endicott's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777; residence. Hallo- 
well; enlisted for town of Stoughton; joined Capt. Burton's co.. Col. Sherburne's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Babcock, Johx, Yassalborough. Private, Capt. Benjamin Burton's co., Col. Henry 
Sherburne's regt. ; return dated Boston, June 15, 1779 ; enlisted May 27, 1777 ; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Babcock, Johx, Pownal borough. Private, Col. Slierburne's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 19, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1779; reported deserted 
but returned later as certified by Ensign E. Phelan of Col. Henry Jackson's regt. 

Babcock, Johx. Private, Capt. Joseph Pelrce's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; marched on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows Oct. 28, 1781; service, 
10 days. 

Babcock, Johx. Private, 2d co., Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; marched 
June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely who was rescued from Springfield jail; ser- 
vice, 4 days. 

Babcock, Johx, Jr. Private, Capt. Avery Parker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's (2d 
Bristol Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm to Rhode Island Aug. 3, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 days. 

Babcock, Jox. Private, Capt. John Spool's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Babcock, Joxas. Private, Capt. Jonathan Thayer's co.. Col. Barnes's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm to Stillwater Oct. 14, 1781 ; service, 10 days. Roll dated Par- 
tridgefield. 

Babcock, Joseph. Major, Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; engaged Oct. 14, 1779; dis- 
charged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days, in tlic Continental Army under 
Gen. Washington ; regiment raised in Essex and Suffolk counties. 

Babcock, Joseph. Private, Capt. White's co., Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 3, 1780. 

Babcock, Joshua. Private, Capt. Solomon Brown's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 6, 1779; discharged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 1 
day, at New Loudon, Conn. 

Babcock, Lemuel, Braintree. Ensign, Capt. Aljner Crane's co., Col. John Robinson's 
regt. ; paj' abstract for travel allowance from camp to Braintree, dated North 
Kingston, Dec. 31, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 395 

Babcock, Lemuel. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co., Col. Gill's regt. ; senice, 27 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 8, 
1781, for the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Babcock, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1781 ; discha:rged Dec. 4, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; regiment raised in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Babcock, Nathaxiel, Murrayfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Black's co., Col. Moseley's regt., dated Oct. 26, 1780; enlistment, 3 
months; raised by order of Brig. Gen. Danderson ( ? ) , agreeable to resolve of 
June, 1780. 

Babcock, Primvs. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's (3d) co., Col. Christopher Greene's 
(1st Rhode Island) regt. ; muster rolls for June, Sept., Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1778, 
Jan., Feb., 1779; enlisted March 12, 1778; enlistment, during war ; reported on fur- 
lough in Dec, 1778; also, muster rolls for March, April, July, Aug. and Oct., 
1779, dated East Greenwich ; reported absent with leave in March, 1779 ; also, 
muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1779, dated Newport. 

Babcock, Samuel. Capt. Moses Draper's co., Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 
27^ 1775. 

Babcock, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Watkins's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 
16, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Babcock, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Fletcher's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
regt. ; marched on an expedition to Bennington Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 
29, 1777 ; also, pay roll for 6 da,vs service from Oct. 13, 1780 ; marched to Pawlet. 

Babcock, S.ajiuel. List of men who received their wages from Capt. Samuel Thomas 
at North Kingston, Jan. 6, 1777. 

Babcock, Samuel, Partridgefield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. 
in 1779 ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; residence. Partridge- 
field ; delivered to Ensign Clarke. 

Babcock, Samuel. Capt. Williams's co., 12th regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1779; discharged 
April 28, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Babcock, Samuel. Gunner, ship " General Mifflin," commanded by Capt. George 
W. Babcock ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 9, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
complexion, light ; residence, Massachusetts. 

Babcock, Samuel. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
regt.; enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; stationed 
partly at West Point and partly at Rhode Island. 

Babcock, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; service, 
27 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 
8, 1781, for the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Babcock, Samuel. Sergeant, 2d co.. Col. Gideon Burt's regt.; service, 7 days; 
marched June 12, 1782, to retake Samuel Ely who was rescued from Springfield 
jail, and also marched June 16, 1782, to oppose the rioters at Northampton. 

Babcock, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men dated March, 1783. 



39G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Babcock, Simeox. Sergeant, Capt. Amos Green's co., Col. Joseph Noyes's regt. ; ser- 
vice from Dec. 5, 1776, to Jan. 8, 1777, 3") days, at South Kingston ; also, Ensign ; 
pay roll for 29 days service at South Kingston from Feb. 6 to March 6, 1777 ; re- 
ported discharged at Charlestown. 

Babcock, Simeox. Corporal, Capt. Joel Stevens's co., Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Saratoga Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 25, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 13 days. Roll dated Pittsfield. 

Babcock, William. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; enlisted June 10, 1780; roll made up to April 1, 1781 ; service, 9 mos. 
21 days; also, list of men entitled to clotliing for the second year, dated Boston, 
March 20, 1782; also, pay rolls for service from April 1, 1781, to June 10, 1783, 
26 mos. 10 days. 

Babcock, William. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co., Col. Gill's regt.; service, 
15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll made up agreeable to resolve of May 
8, 1781, for the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Babcok, Geokoe. List of men who received their wages from Capt. Samuel Thomas 
at North Kingston, Jan. 6, 1777. 

Bahea, Daniel. Private, Capt. Daniel Merrill's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; roll 
for rations made up from date of enlistment. May 20, 1777, to June 3, 1777. 

Babet, Isaac. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. by James Leonard, Muster Master, 
for service at Rhode Island ; Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; mustered July 3, 1778 j 
enlistment, 6 months. 

Babet, Levi, Norton. Private, Capt. Cobb's co.. Col. Walker's regt. ; company return 
dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Babet, Nathax. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. by James Leonard, Muster 
Master, for service at Rhode Island; Col. John Daggett's regt.; mustered June 
29, 1778; enlistment, G months. 

Babet, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm Oct. 28, 1781, by order of Gen. Fellows ; service, 
10 days. 

Babett, Erasmus. Private, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
service from July 31, 1778, to Sept. 14, 1778, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. Roll dated Petersham. 

Babidge, Stephen. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Fales's co. ; inarched to Majorbagaduce 
by order of Gen. Lovel, Aug. 3, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 15, 1779 ; service, 13 days. 

Babit, Abel, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Nickols's co.. Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 5 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 16, 
1776; stationed at Warren, R. I. 

Babit, Abnkk, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Nickols's co., Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 13 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 16, 
1776 ; stationed at Warren, R. I. 

Babit, Elk^vnah, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Nickols's co.. Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; service, 8 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 16, 
1776; stationed at Warren, R. I. 

Babit, John. Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 23, 1775. 

Babit, John, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Nickols's co.. Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 5 days, at Rliode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 16, 
1776 ; stationed at Warren, R. I. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 397 



Babit, John. Fifer, Capt. Henry Tiebout's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st New 
York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Babit, Levi. Private, Capt. Isaac Ilodges's co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; service 
from Sept. 25, 1777, to Oct. 31, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days, on a secret expedition; also, 
Capt. Hodges's co., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; service from July 27, 1778, to Aug. 13, 
1778, 18 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Babit, Thomas, Sturbridge. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 

5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; residence, Sturbridge; mustered May 15,1778; 

joined Capt. Hammond's co., Col. Holman's regt. ; enlistment, 9 months; reported 

drafted. 
Bable, Urt, Athol. list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned l)y Brig. 

Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway Oct. 

25, 1780. 
Babosox, London-. Capt. Isaac Colton's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 

9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 15, 1775. 

[See London Robinson.] 
Babot, Ira, Athol. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Thomas Lord's co., Col. 

Grout's regt.; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; occupation, 

farmer; residence, Athol; enlisted Feb. 8, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Babrock, Samuel. Capt. Williams's co., 12th regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1779; discharged 
April 28, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Babson, . [This name also appears under the form of Bapson, Batson.] 

Babson, James, Gloucester. Petition, signed by Winthrop Sargent of Gloucester and 
John Winthrop, Jr., of Boston, asking that said Babson be commissioned as com- 
mander of the brigantiiie " General Mercer " (privateer) ; ordered in Council, April 
30, 1777, that a commission be issued. 

Babson, James, Beverly. Seaman, brigantine "Defence," commanded by Capt. John 
Edmonds; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 21, 1781 ; stature, 5 ft. 
8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Beverly. 

Babson, John. Matross, Capt. William EUery's (1st) co. ; enlisted June 17, 1776 ; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 1776; service, 6 mos. 15 days, at Gloucester. 

Babson, John. Mariner, ship "Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Thomas; 
engaged June 27, 1779; roll made up to Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expe- 
dition to Penobscot. 

Babson, John. Petition dated Boston, Nov. 12, 1779, signed by Daniel Sargeant, ask- 
ing that said Babson be commissioned as commander of the brigantine " Ruby " 
(privateer) ; ordered in Council, Nov. 12, 1779, that a commission be issued. 

Babson, Nathaniel Stevens, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Lunt's co.. Col. Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 13 weeks; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 25 yrs. ; reported went to Quebec. 

Babson, Sam. Mariner, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Thomas; 
engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

Babson, Samuel. Petition dated Boston, Oct. 19, 1780, signed by said Babson in 
behalf of himself and William Gee of Cape Ann, asking that he be commissioned 
as commander of the brigantine " Ranger" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Oct. 
19, 1780, that a commission be issued. 

Babson, Solomon. Petition dated Boston, Aug. 9, 1781, signed by John Babson in 
behalf of himself and others of Newburyport, asking that said Solomon Babson 
be comiuissioned as commander of the brigantine " Ruby " (privateer); ordered 
in Council, Aug. 9, 1781, that a commission be issued. 



398 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Babson, "\Villia.-«. 2(1 Lieutenant, brigantine " Ci^^l Usage" (privateer), commanded 
by Capt. John Smith ; petition dated Boston, Marcli 28, 1778, signed by John 
Tracey, asking that said Smith be commissioned as commander of the " Civil 
Usage." 

Babsox, Zebvlox. Tetition dated Boston, Dec. 29, 1781, signed by John Babson in 
behalf of himself and others, asliing that said Zebulon Babson be commissioned 
as commander of the ship "Diamond " (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Dec. 30, 
1781, that a commission be issued. 

Babsox, Zkiulox. Captain ; list of prisoners returned in exchange for prisoners sent 
to New Yorli in the cartel " Favorite," as reported by Robert Pierpont, Commis- 
sary ; exchanged for Capt. John Gardner. 

Babtist, Jonx, France. Seaman, brig " Adventure," commanded by Capt. James 
Morris ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 2G, 1780 ; age, 14 jts. ; 
complexion, negro ; residence, France. 

Babtistbert, Jeax, Scarborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. William Ballard's co., dated May 29, 1778; residence, Scarl)orough; 
enlisted for town of Amesbury ; joined Capt. Lunt'sco., Col. Handly's (Henley's) 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacchus, , Reading. Private, Capt. Hatch's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Maiden, Oct. 6, 1775; reported a negro. 

BACCHrs, , Grafton. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Stow's co., Col. 

"Wheelock's regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, black; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, Grafton; enlisted April 23, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; 
reported a negro. 

Baccox, Edmoxd. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshii-e 
Co.) regt.; enlisted June 30,1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 22 days; 
regiment called out by Brig. Gen. Fellows, agreeable to orders of Maj. Gen. 
Schuyler, and ordered to march to Fort Ann. 

Baccox, Taylor. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Hali- 
fax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bace, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Fry's regt., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported enlisted Feb. 14, 1775. 

Bacekes, James. Capt. George Gould's co., Col. Paul D. Sargent's (28th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej', dated Cambridge, Dec. 16, 1775. 

Bacex, Jacob. Surgeon, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston ; 
engaged Sept. 14, 1777; discharged March 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 25 days. 

Bacer ( ? ), Frederick, Jr. Receipt for bounty paid liim I)y Jonathan Shepard for a 
class of the town of Springfield, to serve in the Continental Army, dated Spring- 
field, May 15, 1781. 

Bacer, John. Capt. John Merett's co.. Col. John Glover's (21st) regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Bacer, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. William Spinney's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 8, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, fortifying port of 
Boston. 

Bachaler, Johx. Private, Capt. Xathanicl Cowdry's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; service from July 2, 1778, to July 16, 1778, 17 days, at Winter 
Hill. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 399 

Bachalor, John-. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cowdry's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards ; service from July 2, 1778, to July 16, 1778, 17 days, at Winter Hill. 

Bachas, Clakk, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted June 14, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 20 days. 

Bachelder, Benjamin-, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ithamar "Wright's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; returned home April 23, 
1775; also, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 9th 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 2, 
1775. 

Bachelder, Benjamin- Private, Capt. John Reed's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted June 12, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 5 mos. 21 days; company 
raised for defence of eastern Massachusetts. 

Bachelder, George. Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. 
Jonatlian Haraden; engaged March 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 
5 mos. 20 days. 

Bachelder, James, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel "Wade's co. ; enlisted Dec. 
30, 1775 [service not given] . 

Bachelder, Jajies. Col. Little's regt. ; pay abstract for clothing, etc., dated March 
22, 1776. 

Bachelder, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., vfith Northern 
army. Roll sworn to at Andover. 

Bachelder, Rufvs. Private, Col. "William R. Lee's regt.; enlisted June 20, 1777; 
reported deserted Aug. 1, 1777. 

Bachelder, Samuel, Shutesbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Aaron Osgood's (7th) co., Col. Phineas Wright's (also given Samuel 
Williams's) 6th regt., dated May 3, 1778; joined Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Alden's 
regt. ; enlistment, 8 months. 

B.\chelder, Theophilus. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Jordan Parker's (Ai-tillery) co., Lin- 
coln Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Aug. 21, 1777 ; com- 
pany stationed at Georgetown. 

Bachelder, Theophilus, Georgetown. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Lincoln 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 16, ■ 
1778; Capt. McCobb's co., 1st regt.; age, 38 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, 
dark ; residence, Georgetown ; reported rejected. 

Bachelder, Uzziel, Andover. Private, Capt. John Peabody's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., sworn to Nov. 29, 1776. 

Bachelder, William, Boston. Private, Major's co.. Col. Wesson's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 13, 1780; reported 
deserted July 13, 1780. 

Bacheldor, Amos. Private, Capt. Benjamin Peabody's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's (1st) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days. 
Roll dated Middleton. 

Bacheldor, Asa, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co.. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1779; discharged Jan. 1, 1780; service, 5 mos. 
8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bacheldor, Benjamix, Brookfield. Private, Capt. King's co.. Col. D. Brewer's regt.;. 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 1, 1775; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 



400 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacueldor, Bexjamix. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army during 1781- 
82; reported unfit for service; 8th regt. ; age, 47 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; disa- 
bility, rheumatism; enlisted for town of Upton; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacheldoh, David. Private, Capt. Job Knap's co. ; enlisted March 2, 1781 ; discharged 
March 15, 1781 ; service, 17 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Douglas. 

Bacheldor, Jonathan, Salem. List of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 
9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778. 

Bacheldor, Nehemiah. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Robert Cutting's co.. Col. Mcintosh's 
regt., Gen. Lovell's Ijrigade; marched on an alarm at Rliode Island Aug. 1, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 13, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days. 

Bacheldor, Samuel, Pearsontown. Capt. Samuel Whitmore's co.. Col. Reuben Fogg's 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage [year not given] . 

Bacheldor, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy 
Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, 
Feb. 2-1, 1777; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; enlistment to expire March 23, 1777. 

Bacheldor, Samuel, Shutesbury. List of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for the 
term of 8 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 15, 1778; Col. 
Nixon's regt. ; residence, Shutesbury. 

Bacheldor, Theophilus, Boothbay. List of men raised agreeable to resolve of April 
20, 1778, but rejected by the Muster Master General as unfit for service. 

Bacheldore, Amos, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Little's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 9. 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; discharged June 3, 1775 ; 
age, 23 yrs. 

Bacheldore, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Josepli Siljley's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; return of men in service at North Kingston, Dec. 8, 1777, dated Sturbridge, 
Aug. 31, 1783. 

Bacheleldr, Amos. Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

B.icheler, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 13 days, with Northern army. 

Bacheler, James. Private, Capt. McFarland's invalid corps; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Dec. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; reported transferred from 
Col. Micliael Jackson's (8th) regt. 

Bacheler, John Peescott, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Hall's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; 
reported transferred to the train May 1, 1775. 

Bacheler, Jonathan, Reading. Capt. John Flint's (3d) co., Col. Baldwin's regt.; 
list of men dated May 15, 1775. 

Bacheler, Theophilus. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; enlisted July 13, 1778; discharged Nov. 15, 1778; service, 4 mos. 4 
days. 

Bacheller, Benjamin, Upton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Richardson's co.. Col. 
Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to Dorchester Heights, dated 
Nov. 28, 1776 ; credited with 2 days allowance. 

B.\chelleu, John, Reading. Captain of a co. in Col. Ebenez.er Bridge's regt., which 
marclied on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, company 
return dated Cambridge, Sept. 25, 1775. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 401 

Bacheller, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; service, 10 days, from July 2 to July 12, 1778. Roll dated Camp at 
Winter Hill. 

Bacheller, Joseph, Marhleliead. Corporal, Capt. Lock's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th re?t. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. G, 177-5; 
reported as taking the place of Thomas Cutter, who was discharged Oct. 5, 177.5. 

Bacheller, Rrrrs. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated 
Boston, June 22, 1777; Capt. Drown's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 

3 years. 

Bacheller, Theophilis;, Salem. Private, Capt. Joseph lliller's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Titcoml)'s regt. ; roll made up from date of arrival at Providence, K. I., May 6, 
1777; discharged July 6, 1777; service, 2 mos. 6 days. 

Bacheller, Theophilvs. Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service, 10 days, from July 2 to July 12, 1778. Roll dated Camp at 
Winter Hill. 

Bacheller, William. Surgeon, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; pay abstract for rations 
from Aug. 21 to Dec. 12, 1777. 

Bachellor, David. Captain, Col. Wood's regt.; order for wages, mileage, etc., dated 
Northbridge, April 6, 1779. 

Bachellor, David. Col. Wood's regt.; order for wages, mileage, etc., dated North- 
bridge, April 6, 1779. 

Bachellor, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Sibley's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt.; pay roll for service from July 20 to Aug. 20, 1777, dated North Kingston, 
Dec. 3, 1777; also, pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1777, to Jan. 2, 1778, 1 mo. 
2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Providence. 

Bachellor, John, Jr., Beverly. Private, Capt. Israel Hutchinson's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Danvers; service, 2 days. 

Bachellor, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; service from April 2, 1778, to July 3, 1778, 3 mos. 2 days. Roll dated 
Camp at Winter Hill. 

Bachellor, Nehemiah. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Silas Taylor's (3d) co., 4th Middlesex 
Co. regt.; list of otficers of Mass. militia; chosen by 1st co. in Stow; commis- 
sioned July 5, 1776. 

Bachellor, William. Surgeon, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; pay abstract for horse 
rations dated Jime 5, 1778 ; service, 113 days. 

Bachelor, Amos, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 4 weeks 

4 days ; reported service ended June 3, 1775. 

Bachelor, Amos. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 2 days, from April 1 to July 2, 1778, with guards at Roxl)ury. 

Bachelor, Amos. Private, Capt. John Spurr's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; 
enlisted July 3, 1780; discharged Dec. 13, 1780; service, 5 mos. 12 days; enlist- 
ment, 6 months. 

Bachelor, Archibald, Danvers (probably). Sergeant, Capt. Asa Prince's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Bachelor, Bexjamix, Upton. Private, Capt. Bachelor's co.. Col. Read's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 



402 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bachelor, Cornelius, Littleton. Private, Capt. Samuel Reed's co., Col. William 
Prescott's rcgt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177n; service, 6 daj's; 
reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Samuel Gill)ert's co., Col. Prescott's 
regt. ; muster roll ilated Auir. 1. 177"); enlisted April 21, 1775; service, 98 days; 
also, company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 28, 1775. 

Bachelor, David, Northbridge. Captain, Col. Joseph Read's regt.; company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 7th co., 3d Worcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Bachelor, Enoch. Corporal, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co., Col. Dean's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 
14 days. 

Bachelor, Ephraim, Pcarsontown. Private, Capt. Stuart's co.. Col. Phinney's (31st) 
regt. ; company return dated Sept. 29, 1775 ; enlisted May 16, 1775. 

Bachelor, Israel, Wenham. Private, Capt. Billy Porter's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Bachelor, Israel. Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt. ; return 
dated Chelsea, Dec. 8, 1775; also. Sergeant, Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; list of 
men who agreed to serve 6 weeks from Dec. 31, 1776, dated Trenton. 

Bachelor, James, Lynn. Private, Capt. William Farrington's (2d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 2 days. 

Bachelor, James. Private, Capt. Moses McFarland's invalid corps ; stationed at 
Boston; pay abstract for Oct.-Dec, 1780; enlistment, during war. 

Bachelor, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Joseph McNall's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's 
regt. ; enlisted May 17, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 18 days, on an alarm at Kliude Island ; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Bachelok, John P., Tewksbury. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Sprout's 
regt. ; Continental Army pa_v accounts for service from Dec. 12, 1779, to April 27, 
1780 ; reported deserted April 27, 1780. 

Bachelor, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; enlisted July 13, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 5 inos. 3 days. 

Bachelor, Joseph, Marblehead. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Lock's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 5 [year not given] . 

Bachelor, Nehemiah, Stow. Private, Capt. William Whitcomb's co.. Col. James 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of \\m\ 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Bachelor, Perkin, Upton. Corporal, Capt. Stephen Sadler's co.. Col. Wheelock's 
regt., whicli marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury; service, 5 days ; aZso, Ensign, Col. Nicholas Dike's regt. ; engaged Dec. 
1, 1776 [service not given] ; also, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia ; company agreed to serve at Dorchester Heights 
until March 1, 1777. 

Bachelor, Prince, Amesbury. Private, Capt. A. Williams's co.. Col. Sprout's (late 
Brewer's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Feb. 10, 1778; rei)orted died Feb. 10, 1778; also, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. 
Brewer's regt. ; muster return made agreeable to order of Council of Dec. 26, 1777. 

Bachelor, Theophius, Lynn. Ensign ; list of men who served at Concord battle and 
elsewhere Ijelonging to Lynn, now Lynn, Lynnfield and Saugus. 

Bachelor, William. Surgeon, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; engaged Aug. 21, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 403 

Bachelor, William. List of men who deserted from 9th regt. between Jan. 1 and 
Dec. 24, 1780, dated West Point. 

Bachelter, John. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co., Col. Varnum's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 3, 1776 [service not given] . 

Backhouse, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Jesse Bradley's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; 
enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 22, 1777; service, 22 days. 

Bachilder, Joseph, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Putnam's co.. Col. Hutchinson's 
regt. ; return of men in service in 1776 ; enlistment, 12 months ; reported deserted. 

Bachillor, John. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) rest.; muster roll dated Dec. 24, 1777; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; 
enlistment, during war; reported deserted Jan., 1777. 

Bachilo, Peter. Seaman ; list of prisoners delivered to Col. Gabriel Johonnot by 
Charles Waller, Commissary of Prisoners, at Rhode Island, March 17, 1778. 

Bachlicor, William. List of men who re-enlisted for the war between Oct. 22 and 
Nov. 24, 1779, as returned by Maj. Joseph Pettengill, of the 9th battalion ; received 
State and Continental bounties. 

Bachlor, Daniel, Beverly. Seaman, brigantine "Defence," commanded by Capt. 
John Edmonds ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 21, 1781 ; stature, 

5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Beverly. 

Bachlor, John. Private, Capt. Jesse Wyman's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 18, 1778; roll made up to May 18, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Bunker Hill. 

Bacholter, Benjamin, Pepperellborough. Private, Capt. Josiah Davis's co.. Col. 
Joseph Prime's (York Co.) regt. ; enlisted May 3, 1780; discharged Dec. 8, 1780; 
ser^^ce, 7 mos. 6 days; enlistment, 8 months; company raised for defence of 
eastern Massachusetts. 

Bachope, James. Seaman, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. John Paul 
Jones; list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship "Alexander," captured 
Sept. 20, 1776; also, 2d Mate, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. J. P. Jones; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship "Mellish" and brig "Active" 
[year not given] . 

Bachvs, George. Private, Capt. John Wendell's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war; reported on command at New Windsor in Jan., Feb. and 
March, 1781. 

Bachus, Lebbeus, Pittsfield. Lieut. Stephen Crawford's co. ; list of men who marched 
to Ticonderoga April 25, 1777, and were dismissed May 22, 1777 ; service, 4 weeks. 

Back, Isaac, Chesterfield. Private, Capt. Robert Webster's co., Gen. Pomroy's regt., 
which marched April 21, 177o, in response to the alarm of April 19, 177o; service, 

6 days ; reported enlisted into the army. 

Back, Mitchel. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by Trueman Wheeler, Muster 
Master; mustered between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; enlistment, 3 years 
or during war. 

Backcus, Nathan. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Dartmouth Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; 
service, 6 days. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Backen, Simeon. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 1.5, 1776 ; discharged March 18, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days. 
Roll dated Morristown. 



404 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Backek, Timothy. Private, Lieut. Jeremiah Colburn's co., Brig. Gen. Wadsworth's 
brigade; enlisted Jan. 27, 1781; discharged Manli 10, 1781; service, 1 mo. 11 
days, at Camden. 

B.\CKENSi'iaxG, Isaac. Private, Capt. Josepli Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 31, 177fi ; discharged March 18, 1777; service, 2 mos. 
29 days. Roll dated Morristown. 

Backer, -kiah. Matross, Capt. Aimer Lowell's (Artillery) co. ; pay roll for 3 mos. 
service from Jan. 1 to March 31, 1777, at Falmouth. 

Backek, Ebenezer, Ipswich. Capt. Richard Dodge's (Volunteer) co., Maj. Smith's 
(3d Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777, at Cam- 
bridge ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; company marched Oct. 2, 1777, to reinforce Gen. 
Gates at the Northward. 

B.\.CKER, Elijah, Amherst. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Cai)t. 
Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Porter's regt., dated March 24, 1770; joined Capt. 
Robert Oliver's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Backer, Jacois. Private, Cai)t. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (2r)th) 
regt. ; pay abstracts for March and June, 1770. 

Backer, Jacoh, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Gritfeth's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted July 26, 1778; service, 1 mo. 8 days; reported died Aug. 20, 1778. 

Backer, James, Taunton. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Camp at Hull, June 18, 1777. 

Backkk, Jessk. Drummer, Capt. Stephen "Webster's co., Col. Jacoli Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 22, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at Clav- 
erack ; regiment raised in Essex and SuflFolk counties to reinforce army under 
Gen. Washington. 

Backer, Johx. Capt. Winship's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; list of men who returned 
equipments used in 1776, dated Chatham, Feb. 4, 1777. 

Backer, John, Salem. Descriptive list of offlcers and crew of the sloop " Race Horse," 
commanded by Capt. Clifford Byrne, dated June 7, 1780; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 
ft. 4 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Salem. 

Backer, Joseph. List of men drafted in York Co. as returned by Col. John Frost of 
the 2d York Co. regt., dated May 7, 1777; Capt. Samuel Grant's co. 

Backer, Jotham. Private, Capt. Daniel Wheelwright's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt.; roll made tip for rations from date of enlistment, Jan. 15, 1777, to- date of 
marching, March 22, 1777. 

Backer, Nicholas, Pembroke. Matross, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's (7th) co., Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Boston, 
June 3, 1770; also, pay rolls for service from June 3, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, .5 
mos. 2 days; aho, Gunner; pay roll for service from Feli. 1, 1777, to May 7, 1777, 
3 mos. 7 days. 

Backer, Noah. Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 5, 1775. 

Backer, Samiei.. Gunner, Lieut. John Callender's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) 
regt.; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated Providence; enlistment, during 
war. 

Backer, Samiee. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. David Cobb's 
(5tli) regt.; muster rolls for Dec, 1782, and Jan., 1783; reported joined "from 
late 10th." 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 405 

Backer, Sargent. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Cul. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt. ; return of wages for Dec, 1782. 

Backer, Thomas. Capt. Ebenezer Winship's co., Col. John Nixon's (5th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Backer, William. Ensign, Col. Smith's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 4, 1780; reported formerly a Sergeant. 

Backet, Daniel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; pay roll for service from 
Aug. 30, 1776, to Nov. 24, 1776, 2 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth. [See Daniel 
Brackett.] 

Backhouse, Clark, Barnstable. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
resolve of June 9, 1779; Capt. Crocker's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; age, 27 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in ; complexion, dark ; residence, Barnstable; enlistment, 9 months; 
delivered to Capt. J. Tisdale; also, Private, Capt. Iledding's co., Col. Brad- 
ford's (14th) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1779; discharged May 6, 1780; enlistment, 
9 months ; also, receipt for equipments given to Capt. James Tisdale, dated 
Springfield, Aug. 22, 1779. 

Backis, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Elijah Smalley's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth in Sept., 1778 ; service, 6 days. 

Backkess, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Amos Porter's co.. Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; ser- 
vice, 4 days. 

Backletst, Benjamin, Newburyport. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Backman, AVilliam. Private, Capt. Zebedee Iledding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; roll made up for 21 days rations from May 9 to June 1 [year not given], 
sworn to June 2, 1777. 

Backon, Abel, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co., Col. John Fellows's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
7 days. 

Backon, Josiah. Private, Capt. John Reed's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 25, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 3 mos. 8 days; company raised 
for defence of eastern Massachusetts. 

Backster, David. Corporal, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Backster, Nathan. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co., Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Ami}-. 

Backstor, David. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 1 mo., 
in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Backun, Ebenezer. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Willmarth's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
regt. ; enlisted March 19, 1779 ; discharged April 12, 1779 ; service, 25 days, at 
Howland's Ferry. 

Backvs, . [This name also appears under the form of Bacekes, Bachas, Bach- 
house, Bachns, Backcus, Backhouse, Backkess, Backis, Bakkus, Bechus, Beckus, 
Bukhouse, Bukus.] 

Backus, Clark. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Baker's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; marched 
Oct. 4, 1777, on a secret expedition to Tiverton, K. I. ; service, 28 days. 



406 ^MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Backus, James, Roxbury. Private, Capt. Gould's co.. Col. Sargent's regt. ; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Backis, Lebbevs, Pittsfield. Capt. William Francis's co.; list of men who marched 
to Fort Edward July 8, 1777, and were dismissed Aug. 26, 1777; service, 7 weeks; 
also, Lieutenant, Capt. Joel Stevens's co.. Col. David llossiter's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Saratoga Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 25, 1781 ; service, 13 days. 

Backus, Nathan. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
marched to Rowland's Ferry, R. I., Dec. 8, 1776, on an alarm ; service, 5 days. 

Backus, Solomon, Sheffield. Private ; paj' roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Sheffield for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched to West 
Point June 27, 1780; discharged Dec. 19, 1780; service, 5 mos. 26 days; also, list 
of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 
having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, 
receipt for bounty paid him by selectmen of Sheffield to serve in the Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, dated Jan. 1, 1781. 

Backus, Timothy, Sheffield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Noble's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; joined Capt. Samuel Bartlett's co.. Col. 
Weston's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Sergeant, Lieut. Col. Milieu's co., Col. 
James Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 12, 
1777, to Jan. 13, 1780; reported discharged; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; Capt. Noble's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; 
age, 29 yrs.; stature, 6 ft. 1 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, 
laborer; residence, Sheffield; enlistment, 3 years. 

BACKwrrH, David, Pittsfield. Matross, Capt. Joseph Chadwick's co.. Col. Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 27, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 7 days. 

Bacon, . [This name also appears under the form of Baccon, Bacen, Backen, 

Backon, Backun, Baken, Baker, Bakin, Bakon, Beacon.] 

Bacon, . Lieutenant; list of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Oct. 4, 1776; service in Col. Woodbridge's regt.; reported 
deceased. 

Bacon, Abel, Whately. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Camp at Dorchester, Nov. 25, 1775. 

Bacon, Abei,. Private, Capt. Isaac Marsh's co.. Col. Sears's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
mustered July 13, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, at Fort 
Plains, Tryon Co., under Brig. Gen. Stark. 

Bacon, Abel. Private, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas Sears's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 2 days ; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

Bacon, Abel, Whately. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Salmon White's co., dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined Capt. Daniels's co., Col. Nixon's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. Japheth Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; return for wages for June-Dec, 1782; time allowed 
from Nov. 21, 1782; also, 1st co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; return of 
men entitled to eighty dollars gratuity for serving during war, taken to 1782; 
also, discharge dated June 9, 1783, signed by Gen. Washington. 

Bacon, Abel. Order for wages, etc., signed by said Bacon [year not given] ; payable 
to Merodach Smith. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 407 

Bacon, Abijah, Sutton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Richardson's co., Col. Dyke's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance to Dorchester Heights, dated Nov. 28, 1776; 
credited with 2 days allowance. 

Bacon, Akijah, Bedford. Private, Capt. John Moore's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days ; also, list of men in Col. Baldwin's regt., 
dated May 1, 1775; also, Capt. John Blanchard's co.. Col. James Wesson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 22, 1777, to Jan. 25, 1778; 
reported died Jan. 25, 1778. 

Bacon, Abijah. Capt. Joseph Peirce's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
marched on an alarm Oct. 28, 1781, by order of Gen. Fellows ; service, 10 days. 

Bacon, Abner. Private, Capt. Timothy Stow's co.. Col. Ephraim AVheelock's regt. ; 
return of men statfoned at Ticonderoga, in 1776; reported discharged Nov. 
11, 1776. 

Bacon, Abner. Private, Capt. Thomas Mayo's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 4, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 5 mos., at 
Cambridge. 

Bacon, Amos, Wrentham. Drummer, Capt. Elijah Pond's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Bacon, Amos. Private, Capt. Asa Stower's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; marched to 
Saratoga June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 26 days. 

Bacon, Asa, Ashfield. Corporal, Capt. Simeon Hazeltine's co.. Col. John Fellows's 
(8th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
7 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1775. 

Bacon, Asa. Private, Capt. Newell's co., detached from Gen. Warner's brigade. Col. 
Jacob Gerrish's regt.; enlisted Nov. 3, 1778; discharged Nov. 18, 1778; service, 
15 days, guarding troops of convention from Rutland to Enfield, Conn. 

Bacon, Bachelder, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract for advance pay, etc., dated Boston, June 15, 1776 ; 
also, pay rolls for service from June 6, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, 4 mos. 26 days, 
dated Castle Island ; also, pay roll for Nov., 1776 ; also, list of men who signed a 
petition for increase of wages, dated Naushon, Aug. 10, 1777; also, Capt. Ham- 
lin's CO., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of guards; marched April 9, 1778; roll made 
up to July 6, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 26 days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months 
from April 2, 1778. 

Bacon, Batchelor. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; service from Feb. 5, 1777, to 
April 20, 1777, 2 mos. 15 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bacon, Benjamin, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Timothy Parker's co.. Col. Warner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Bacon, Benjamin, Bedford. Private, Lieut. Moses Abbott's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 5 days ; also, list of men 
])etween the ages of sixteen and sixty who are liable to bear arms, as returned to 
Col. Green, dated Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Benjamin. Drummer, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jon- 
athan Haraden ; engaged March 15, 1777; discharged Aug. 31, 1777; service, 5 
mos. 16 days. 

Bacon, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; marched 
to Saratoga Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 30 days. Roll 
sworn to at Hatfield. 

Bacon, Benjamin. Matross, Sergt. Benjamin Felt's co. ; service, 3 mos., from Jan. 1 
to March 31, 1779, at a fort at Salem. 



408 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAn.ORS 

Bacon, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Merry's co., Col. Hyde's regt. ; marched 
to the Westward Oct. 30, 1781, under Maj. Oliver Root; service, 7 days. 

Bacon, Benjamin. Capt. Stephen Webb's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men dated 
Oct. 28, 1783. 

Bacon, Benjamin, Jr., Bedford. Corporal, Capt. John Moore's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 [name crossed out on roll]. 

Bacon, Benjamin, Jr., Salem. Capt. Ebenezer Winship's co.. Col. John Nixon's (5th) 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridire, June 22, 1775; also, Drummer; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; 
also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775 ; also, Capt. Winship's {4th) co., Col. 
Nixon's (-Ith) regt. ; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North 
Castle ; also, receipts for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776 ; also, return of men 
in service in Jan., 1777, dated Springfield. 

Bacon, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. William Duglass's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 
16, 1776; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Bacon, David, Sutton. Private, Capt. Samuel Sibley's co., which marched April 21, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Braintree ; service, 7 days. 

Bacon, David. Private, Capt. James Davis's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1775; rolls made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775, dated Barnstable ; service, 6 mos. 5 days. 

Bacon, David, Stoughtonham. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Bridge Savel's (1st) co., Col. 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; 
also, Capt. Savell's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; marched on an alarm to Dorchester Hills 
March 4, 1776; service, 5 days; also, pay roll for 2 days service from March 22, 
1776; marched to Braintree on an alarm; also, Capt. Lewis Whiting's co.. Col. 
EphraimWheelock's regt. ; return of men in camp at Ticonderoga, Aug. 27, 1776; 
age, 45 yrs. ; also. Col. Wheelock's regt. ; return dated Ticonderoga, Oct. 11, 1776. 

Bacon, David, Barnstal)le. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt.; enlisted Feb. 2, 1776; roll made up for 6 days to time of marching; also, 
Capt. Hamlin's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract for advance pay, 
etc., dated Boston, June 15, 1776; also, pay rolls for service from June 6, 1776, to 
Nov. 1, 1776, 4 mos. 26 days ; roll dated Castle Island ; also, pay roll for Dec, 1776. 

Bacon, David. Private, Capt. Samuel Read, Jr.'s co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
service, 2 mos. 22 days, l>etween Dec, 1776, and March, 1777. Roll dated 
Uxbridge. 

Bacon, David. Private, Capt. John Howard's co.. Col. Jonathan Hohnan's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 19 days, at the reduction of Gen. Burgoyne's army ; Council warrant drawn 
May 4, 1778, for payment of company. 

Bacon, David. Sergeant of marines. State brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John 
F. Williams; engaged July 1, 1778; discharged Oct. 16, 1778; service, 3 mos. 
15 days. 

Bacon, David. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 
Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Bacon, David. Private, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm from Windsor Oct. 20, 1780, In- order of Gen. Fellows ; service, 3 days ; 
also, pay roll for 3 days service from Oct. 26 to Oct. 28, 1780; marched on an 
alarm from Windsor by order of Gen. Fellows. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 409 

Bacon, David. Private, Capt. Thomas Brintnal's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's regt. ; 
enlisted Aiiir- '-, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; ser\ice, 3 iiios. 1 day, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

15 A (ON, David, Bedford. Private, Lieut. Moses Abbott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177"), to Cambridge; service, 7 days ; also, list of men in Col. 
Baldwin's regt., dated May 1, 1775; also, list of men between the ages of sixteen 
and sixty who are lialjle to bear arms, as returned to Col. Green, dated Bedford, 
May 15, 1775; also, Capt. Moor's co. ; list of men detached for Rhode Island 
expedition, as returned by I.ieut. Col. "William Thompson, dated Billerica, Aug. 
2, 1778 ; also, Capt. Yarnain's co. ; order for wages payable to Jonathan Lane, 
dated Bedford, Sept. 7, 1787. 

Bacon, Ebenezer, Brooklield. Private, Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 1 week ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Brook- 
field, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted Jan. 25, 1776; roll made 
up to Feb. 3, 1776; service, 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands; also, pay rolls for ser- 
vice from April 5, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 7 mos. 17 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Elisha May's co. ; service, 2 mos., between Sept. 
and Nov., 1776, at New York. 

Bacon, Ebenezer, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jacob Ide's co.. Col. Daggett's regt. ; 
service, 17 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Bacon, Ebenezer, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Stephen Richardson's co., Col. George 
Williams's regt.; marched on a secret expedition Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 
29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Baker's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on a secret expedition to Tiverton, R. I., Oct. 4, 1777; service, 28 days. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards ; marched April 9, 1778 ; roll made up to July 6, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 26 
days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; service from Aug. 17, 1778, to Sept. 9, 1778, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778; service, 4 
days. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Seaman ; list of men in Capt. Andrew Gardner's crew, dated 
Boston, Oct. 6, 1778. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lothrop's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; 
service, 2 days, guarding men from the " Somerset" from Barnstable to Plym- 
outh ; roll dated Nov. 9, 1778. 

Bacon, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co. ; enlisted May 3, 1779; dis- 
charged Nov. 2, 1779; service, 6 mos., at Falmouth. 

Bacon, Ebenezer, Attleborough. Corporal, Capt. Enoch Robinson's co.. Col. Isaac 
Dean's regt. ; marched on an alarm to Tiverton, R. I., July 31, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 10 days. 

Bacon, Ebenezer, Brookfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental .Yrmy from 
Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 1777; resi- 
dence, Brookfield; enlisted for town of Western; joined Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. 



410 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 



Bacon, Ebenezer, contimted. 

Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Newell's (7th) co.. Col. James Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) 
regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; residence, Brooklield; enlisted for town of Brookfield ; 
joined Capt. Lane's co., Col. Nixon's (6th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, 
Capt. Spurr's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 7, 1777, to Jan. 1, 1778; reported discharged. 

Bacon, Edmond. Private, Capt. Zebulon Norton's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 23 days, at 
the Northward. 

Bacon, Edmond. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. Powell's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 26, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, 
at New Haven, Conn. 

Bacon, Edmund. Private, Capt. Thompson J. Skinner's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm to the Westward Nov. 1, 1781, by order of 
Gen. Stark; discharged Nov. 10, 1781; service, 10 days. 

Bacon, Edward, Westminster. Corporal, Capt. Noali Miles's co.. Col. John "WTiit- 
comb's regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1773, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 11^ days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co. ; company marched to 
East Hoosuck under Maj. Bridge on the alarm of the battle of Bennington, and 
were there dismissed; service, 10 days, in Aug., 1777; also, payroll for 27 days 
service; company marched to reinforce Northern army under Maj. Bridge by 
resolve of Sept. 22, 1777. 

Bacon, Edward, Westminster. Lieutenant; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned Oct. 26, 1779; company detached from brigades of Middlesex and 
Worcester counties to reinforce Continental Army, agreeable to resolve of Oct. 9, 
1779; also, Capt. Thomas Cowdin's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; enlisted Oct. 
26, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at New York; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; a/so, 2d Lieu- 
tenant, 1st Westminster co.. Col. Rand's (8th Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers 
of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 6, 1780. 

Bacon, Edward. Petition dated Boston, Nov. 30, 1781, signed by Stephen Higginson 
and others, asking that said Bacon be commissioned as commander of the ship 
"Adventure" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Nov. 30, 1781, that a commission 
be issued. 

Bacon, Edward. Petition signed by prisoners, asking to 1)6 exchanged for British 
prisoners; granted in Council, Nov. 2, 1782. 

Bacon, Edward, Jr. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778; service, 5 days. 

Bacon, Eleazeu, Natick. Private, Capt. .Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177'); service, 8 days. 

Bacon, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Joshua Fisk's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; marched 
July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; roll dated Natick ; also, pay roll for 7 days service at Rhode Island on an 
alarm; marched Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780. Roll dated Natick. 

Bacon, Elias, Wrentham. Sergeant, Capt. Oliver Pond's co., wliich marched on tlie 
alarm of April 19, 177.t; service, 8 days; also, Ensign, Capt. Pond's co.. Col. 
Joseph Read's regt. ; list of officers dated Camp at Roxbury, May 18, 1775 ; also, 
2d Lieutenant; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1773; enlisted Aprir27, 177"); service, 
3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 411 

Bacon, Elijah, Partridgefield (Peru). Fifer, Capt. Nathan Watkins's CO., Col. John 
Patterson's rejrt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 27 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; a^«o, receipt for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 13, 1775 ; also, Capt. Watkins's 
CO., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, 
Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776 ; reported sick in general hospital ; also, return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. William Fletcher's co. ; joined 
Capt. Watkins's co.. Col. Samuel Hrewer's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. 
A. Williams's co., Lieut. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Sergeant Major; pay roll for 
6 months men raised l)y the town of Partridgefield for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; marched July 6, 1780; discharged Dec. 15, 1780; service, 
5 mos. 15 days ; also, Fifer, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men dated March, 1783. 

Bacon, Elijah, Bedford. Private, Lieut. Moses Abbott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 10 days ; also, list of men between 
the ages of sixteen and sixty who are liable to bear arms, as returned to Col. 
Green, dated Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Elijah, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co., Col. Samuel BuUard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., 
dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Bacon, Elijah. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers, acting as boatmen ; pay roll for 
20 days service from Aug. 8, 1778. 

Bacon, Elijah. Capt. Henry Porter's co. ; return for clothing [year not given] ; 
endorsed "Northampton Co." 

Bacon, Elijah, Jr. Private, Capt. Joshua Fisk's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt.; 
marched July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 6 days, at Rhode 
Island; roll dated Natick; also, pay roll for 7 days service from Aug. 3 to Aug. 
7, 1780, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Natick. 

B.\coN, Eliphalet. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship "Lion," com- 
manded by Capt. Wingate Newman, dated Boston, July 12, 1781; age, 15 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light. 

Bacon, Ephraim, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Timothy Parker's co.. Col. Warner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Bacon, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Dec. 28, 1776; service, 22 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Bacon, Ephraim. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Eames's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 
days. 

Bacon, Ephraim, Jr., Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 4 days. 

Bacon, George, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Fuller's co., 
Col. Thatcher's regt. ; service, 5 days, from March 4, 1776. 

Bacon, George. Private, Capt. Aljraham Peirce's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 
days, at Cambridge. 



412 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacon, George. Private, Capt. Edward Fuller's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted 
March 19, 1778; discharired April 16, 1778; service, 29 days, at Roxbury; also, 
muster roll dated Newton, July 27, 1778. 

Bacon, George, Roxbury. Marine, ship " Warren," commanded by Capt. J. Salton- 
stall ; age, 29 j'rs. ; reported wounded in right arm ; pensioned Aug. 14, 1779. 

Bacon, Hezekiah. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, Isaac, Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. AVilliam Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Bacon, Isaac. Enlistment agreement dated June, 1776, signed by said Bacon and 
others, engaging to serve until Dec. 1, 1776, and to march to Charlestown, N. H. 

Bacon, Isaac. Private, Capt. Timothy Stow's co., Col. Ephraim Wheeloek's regt.; 
list of men stationed at Ticonderoga in 1776. 

Bacon, Isaac. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched on an 
alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778 ; service, 8 days. 

Bacon, Isaiah. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers, acting as boatmen; service, 16 
days, from Aug. 11, 1778. 

Bacon, Isaiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, Isaiah. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell's co. of guards; enlisted March 1, 
1780; discharged April 23, 1780; service, 1 mo. 23 days, at Rutland. 

Bacon, Isaiah, New Braintree. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Hunter's co., 
Col. Keyes's regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; occu- 
pation, farmer; residence, New Braintree; enlisted March 10, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Bacon, Israel. Corporal, (late) Capt. George King's co.. Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 4, 1776; service, 20 days, at 
the Highlands, N. Y. 

Bacon, Jabez. Private, Capt. James Davis's co. ; enlisted July 14, 1775; rolls made 

up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 22 days, on the sea coast. Rolls dated 

Barnstable. 
Bacon, Jacoh, Needham. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Caleb Kingsbery's co.. Col. Aaron 

Davis's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 day; 

reported killed. 

Bacon, Jacob, Plymouth. Surgeon's Mate ; Col. James Scammon's (York Co.) 30th 
regt.; company return [probably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted June 3, 1775; also, pay 
roll of field and staff officers; engaged June 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 daj-s. 

Bacon, Jacob. Surgeon ; list of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich " and landed at Bristol March 7, 1778 ; also, list of prisoners sent 
in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bacon, Jacob. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Asa Barnes's regt.; marched 
from Lanesborough to Saratoga on an alarm, Oct. 29, 1781 ; service, 11 days. 

Bacon, James, Guilford. Private, Capt. Moses Draper's co., Lieut. Col. William Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 
27, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army, sworn to April 14, 
1779; residence, Guilford ; enlisted for town of Northfield ; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 413 



Bacon, James, Brimfield. Sergeant, Capt. Natlianiel Healey's co.. Col. Learned's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'>; enlisted April 27, 177.5 ; service, 3 mos. 1 
week, 4 days; a/so, Capt. Aaron Charles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Rolnnson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777 ; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; enlistment to expire March 1.'), 1777. 

Bacon, James, Partridgefield (Peru). Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. 
Edmund Phinney's regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 
1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported sick in general hospital; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. William Fletcher's co. ; residence, 
Partridgefield; enlisted for town of Partridgefield (also given Southampton); 
joined Cajjt. AVatkins's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; also. Private, Capt. A. 
Williams's co., Lieut. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also. Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1. 1780, to March 1, 1780; residence, Richmond. 

Bacon, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Flower's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 7, 1777, to April 1, 1778; 
reported died April 1, 1778; also. Corporal, Capt. Flower's co., Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777 ; mustered at Van 
Schaick's Island, Sept., 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on command at Fishkill 
hospital ; also, muster rolls dated Albany, Nov. 10, 1777, and Jan. 2, 1778 ; reported 
on command at Fishkill; also, muster rolls dated Albany, Feb. 4 and March 9, 
1778; reported on command at Fishkill, March 9, 1778; also. Private; muster 
rolls dated Albany, April 16 and May 13, 1778; reported on command at Fishkill; 
also, muster roll dated Fort Constitution, June 15, 1778; reported deceased. 

Bacon, James. Private, Capt. William Fletcher's co.. Col. Symonds's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm to Pawlet, Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days. 

Bacon, Jared, Brookfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 1777; residence, 
Brookfield; enlisted for town of Western. 

Bacon, Jaeib, Brookfield. Corporal, Capt. John Packard's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days;, also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Packard's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) regt.; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co., Worcester Co. regt., dated 
Feb. 17, 1778; joined Col. Nixon's regt.; enlisted in 1777; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Capt. John Spurr's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll 
dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated 
Highlands ; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
April 9. 1780 ; reported discharged April 9, 1780. 

Bacon, Jeremiah, Roxbury. Private, Capt. William Draper's (2d) co.. Col. AVilliam 
Heath's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days. 

Bacon, Jeremiah, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 6 days ; also, 
Capt. Joseph Palmer's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; marched Sept. 27, 1776; 
service, 1 mo. 26 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Newport, R. I. ; 
roll sworn to at Falmouth; also, Sergeant, Capt. Aaron Guild's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Rol)son's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 30, 1776 ; roll made up for 13 days to time of march- 
ing ; regiment raised in Suffolk and York counties ; service at Dorchester Heights ; 
also, Private, Ca])t. Ebenezer Battle's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; inarched 
to Roxbury March 23, 1778; discharged April 9, 1778; service, 18 days. 



414 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacon, Jesse. Private, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., SufiFolk Co. re^t. ; enlisted Oct. 
8, 1779; discharited Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Castle Island, under 
Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Bacon, Jesse, Dedham. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted March 24, 1781. 

Bacon, John, Richmond. Corporal, Capt. David Rosseter's co.. Col. John Patterson's 
rept., wliich marched April 23, 1770, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1770; 
returned home May 22, 177.'); service, 31 days; also, list of men in Capt. Rossi- 
ter's CO., which came forward with Col. Patterson, but did not enlist. 

B.\.coN, John, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched April 20, 
177n, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 7 days; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co., Col. Lothrop's regt. ; marched on an alarm at 
Rhode Island Dec. 11, 1776; service, 10 days; stationed at Bristol, R. I.; also, 
descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the term of 9 months from 
the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 10, 1778; Capt. Rider's co., Col. Cotton's 
regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Plymouth. 

Bacon, John, Boston. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 11, 1775; service, 2 mos. 25 
days ; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Bacon, John, Dudley. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Healy's co., Col. Ebenezer Larned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Bacon, John, Needham. Sergeant, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Bacon, John, Needham. Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Kilton's co.,Col. Jolm Paterson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 27, 
1775; also, 1st Lieutenant; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bacon, John. Private, Capt. Timothy Stow's co., Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; 
return of men stationed at Ticonderoga in 1776. 

Bacon, Joiin. Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Robinson's regt. ; receipt for wages for 
service from Feb. 5 to April 1, 1776, dated Chelmsford. 

Bacon, John. Lieutenant; certificate dated Needham, April 22, 1776, signed by Capt. 
Caleb Kingsl)ury, certifying that said Bacon served in his co. April 19, 1775, and 
was killed at the battle of Menotomy ; also, list of men who received money from 
the public treasurj' for losses at battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill, allowed in 
Council, June 13, 1776 ; reported paid to executors. 

Bacon, John. Sergeant, Capt. Amos Rathburn's co., Maj. Caleb H3'de's regt. ; service 
from Jul}' 8 to July 26, 1777, 19 days, with Northern army; also, Lieut. Ezekiel 
Crocker's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; service, 4 days, from 
Aug. 16 to Aug. 20, 1777 ; company raised and ordered to march to Bennington 
by Maj. Hyde; also, Capt. Rathburn's co., Col. Brown's regt. ; marched Sept. 21, 
1777, by order of Gen. Gates; discliarged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 24 days; a/so, 2d 
Lieutenant, Berkshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
March, 1778; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Ambrose Hill's (11th) co., 3d Berkshire 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia [year not given] ; also, 1st Lieutenant, 2d 
Berkshire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 27, 1779. 

Bacon, John, Bedford. Private, Capt. Farmer's co.. Col. Reed's regt.; marched to 
reinforce Northern army Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 20, 1777; service, 22 
days. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 415 

Baco.v, John. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; marched 
April 28, 1777; service, 2 nios. 5 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Halifax. 

Bacon, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Newport, R. I., Sept. 2.5, 1777; discharged Oct. 
31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Bacon, John. Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Raymond's co., Col. Israel Chapin's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army for 3 months at Claverack. 

Bacon, John. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Moulton's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; service, 
17 days, in June, 1778; also, pay roll for Aug., 1778. 

Bacon, John. Marine, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged April 9, 1779; reported deserted April 12, 1779. 

Bacon, John. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co., Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, John. Private, Capt. James Cooper's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (14th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 1780-Jan., 1781, dated Hutts near West Point ; enlisted 
July 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 26, 1780; enlistment, 6 months; reported on com- 
mand with Col. Green ( ?) ^^ Carolina. 

Bacon, John, Barre. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return 
of men in ser\ice from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Capt. William 
Henry's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May 5, 1777 ; discharged July 5, 1777 ; 
service, 2 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Benjamin Nye's 
CO., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; marched to reinforce army at Bennington 
under Gen. Stark, Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 2.5, 1777; service, 10 days; 
also, Capt. Nye's co., Maj. Jonas Wilder's regt.; marched to reinforce Northern 
army Sept. 26, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 29 days ; also, descriptive 
list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agree- 
able to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; 
residence, Barre ; arrived at Springfield July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 

1780, under command of Capt. Phineas Parker; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Barre for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; 
marched June 30, 1780; discharged Oct. 26, 1780; service, 4 mos. 10 days. 

Bacon, John. Captain, Col. Rosseter's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 4, 1780; also. Col. David Rosseter's regt., Gen. 
Fellows's brigade; marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater Oct. 17, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 19, 1780 ; service, 4 days ; also, pay roll for service from Nov. 5 
to Nov. 7, 1780, 4 days; compan}- marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater; 
also, pay roll for service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 20, 1781, 11 days, at Stillwater ; also. 
Col. Caleb Hyde's regt., Gen. Rosseter's brigade ; service from Oct. '20 to Oct. 28, 

1781, 9 days, at Stillwater. 

Bacon, John. Captain, Col. Thayer's (SuflTolk Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned July 24, 1780 ; company detached from militia to reinforce 
Continental Army ; also, Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
July 24, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, John, 2d. Order for wages for 3 mos. service in 1780 payable to John Wil- 
liams, dated Barre, June 3, 1782. 

Bacon. Jonah. Capt. Ebenezer Battelle's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men dated 
March 7, 1783; service at Roxbury in 1778. 



41() MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bacon, Jonas, Bedford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June "i, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Bedford; arrived at Springfield July 8, 
1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. Jackson of the 
artillery; also, list of men raised for tlie 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 
1780; also, Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (fjth) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point ; marched July 4, 1780 ; enlisted July 
8, 1780; discharged Jan. 8, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bacon, Jonathan, Needham. Private, Capt. Samuel Kilton's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's (26th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 25, 1775 ; service, 
3 mos. 13 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Cliarlestown, Oct. 27, 1775; 
also, Capt. Aaron Smith's (West) co. of Needham, Col. William Mcintosh's 
regt. ; service, 4 days, in March, 1776, taking and fortifying Dorchester Heights. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. David Batcheller's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Providence. Roll dated Northbridge. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Col. Wood's regt.; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island April 18, 1777; roll made up to May 7, 1777; ser- 
vice, 21 days. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Drummer, Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt.; 
muster roll for June, 1777; enlisted Feb. 11, 1777; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. Robert Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted Feb. 19, 1778; discharged May 19, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
at Boston and Dorchester under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Capt. George Lewis's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; marched on an 
alarm at Dartmouth, Bedford and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778 ; service, 3 days. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Marshall Baker's co.. Col. Samuel 
Denny's regt.; enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
11 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised and ordered to Claverack. Roll 
dated Upton. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Adams Bailey's co., Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt., 
commanded by Lieut. Col. Sprout after Jan. 1, 1781 ; muster roll for Jan., 
1780-Dec., 1781 ; enlisted March 29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Read's co., Col. John Rand's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 12, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
8 days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. Edward Seagraves's co.. Col. Wade's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island June 19, 1778 ; discharged July 12, 1778 ; 
service, 26 days. Roll dated Uxbridge. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Moulton's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Eliphalet Hastings, Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; enlisted June 13, 1778; discharged 
Feb. 24, 1779; service, 8 mos. 22 days; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fort 
Clinton ; also, pay roll for Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Private, Capt. David Batchellor's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; 
service, 15 days» • 



IN^ THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 417 

Bacox, Joxathan. Private, Capt. Joshua Fisk's co., Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 
7 days. Roll dated Natick. 

Bacon, Jonathan, Whately. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 1 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Whately; enlisted March 29, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacon, Jonathan. Capt. Perez Chapin's co., Col. Badlam's regt.; return of men for 
clothing dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Bacon, Joskph, Sherborn. Ensign, Capt. Henry Leland's co., Col. John Bullard's 
regt., which m*rched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, 
Captain, 9th Sherborn co., Sth Middlesex Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned March 27, 1776. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Symonds's co. of matrosses ; enlisted July 16, 
1776; service, 2 mos. 15 days; company raised in Salem. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. Erastus Sargent's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 22, 1777; service, 97 
days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expke March 15, 1777. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from Jan. 25, 
1776, to Feb. 29, 1776, 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands ; also, pay rolls for service 
from April 5, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 7 mos. 17 days, at Elizabeth Islands; also, 
pay roll for service from Feb. 5 to April 20, 1777, 2 mos. 15 days, at Elizabeth 
Islands; also, list of men who signed a petition for increase of wages, dated 
Naushon, Aug. 10, 1777. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 27 days; 
company raised on an alarm at Ticonderoga for service at Fort Ann ; also, Capt. 
Asa Stower's co., Col. Brown's regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 2, 
1777; service, 12 days, at Stillwater. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Joseph Boynton's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
marched to Bennington Aug. 21, 1777, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; 
service, 11 days. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 23 
days. Rolls dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Bacon, Joseph. Drummer, Lieut. Hezekiah Ware's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (4th 
Suffolk Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm to Rhode Island June 20, 1778 ; dis- 
charged July 14, 1778; service, 25 daj's; also, Capt. John Metcalf's co., Maj. 
Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island 
July 27, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 13 days. 

Bacon, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co. ; enlisted May 2, 1779 ; discharged 
Nov. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos., at Falmouth. 

Bacon, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's de- 
tachment of guards ; pay roll for service from May 4 to Aug. 3, 1779, 3 mos., in 
and about Boston. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Browning's co.. Col. Seth Murray's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 2 mos. 
27 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; 
also, order for wages dated Palmer, May 25, 1782. 



418 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacon, Joseph, Partridgefield (Peru). Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to 
resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; Capt. Fletcher's co.. Col. Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occu- 
pation, laborer; residence, Partridgefield; enlistment, 3 years; also, order for 
wages for service in 4th co., 6th regt., in 1781 and 1782, payable to Lieut. 
Kibbey, dated Partridgefield, June 18, 1784. 

Bacon, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) 
regt. ; return of men in service from Jan., 1781, to Jan., 1783; time allowed from 
March 21, 1781. 

Bacon, Josiah, Bradford. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 6, 177;"). 

Bacon, Josiah, Hutchinson (Barre). Sergeant, Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 20, 1775; service,- 
1 mo. 29 days; a/so, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported killed at 
Bunker Hill June 17, 1775; oiso, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Hutchinson, Oct. 4, 1776. 

Bacon, Josiah. I'rivate, Capt. Aaron Ilaynes's co.. Col. Asa AVhitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Dec. 11, 1775; 
reported exchanged for Benjamin Holden Sept. 2, 1776. 

Bacon, Josiah. Clerk, Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; engaged May 9, 1776; 
roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 23 days; roll dated Boston; also, 
pay roll for service from Aug. 1 to Nov. 1, 1776, 3 mos. ; also. Clerk and Lieuten- 
ant of fireworkers. Col. Crafts's regt.; pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to 
Feb. 1, 1777, 3 mos. ; reported as serving 1 mo. in colony service, 2 mos. in Con- 
tinental service ; also. Clerk, Col. Crafts's regt. ; pay rolls for service from Feb. 1, 
1777, to Aug. 1, 1777, 6 mos. 

Bacon, Johiah. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowlee's co., Col. John Moseley's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, on an expe- 
dition to the Northward. 

Bacon, Josiah. Capt. David Jewett's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; enlisted 
Nov. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 6 days. Roll dated Lan- 
caster. 

Bacon, Josiah. Private, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1778; service, 1 mo. 22 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 
months. Roll sworn to at Taunton. 

Bacon, Josiah. Capt. David Jewett's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; service 
from Nov. 10 to Dec. 12, 1778, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Bacon, Josiah. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., Col. William Mcintosh's regt.; 
marched to Roxbury March 23, 1778; discharged April 9, 1778; service, 18 days; 
also, Capt. Elicnezer Everett's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 15 days. 

Bacon, Josiah, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co., Col. John Hath- 
away's regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island March 25. 1779; discharged 
April 15, 1779; service, 21 days; also, Capt. Enoch Robinson's co., Capt. Com- 
mandant Samuel Fisher's reirt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 11. 1779 ; 
service, 1 mo. 1 day ; company detached for 4 weeks service at Rhode Island ; 
also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term 
of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; 
complexion, ruddy; residence, Attleborough; arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; 
marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Ensign Bancroft; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Attleborough for service in the Conti- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 419 

Bacon, Josiah, continued. 

nental Army; inarched July 6, 1780; discharged Jan. 8, 1781; service, 6 mos. 
2 days ; also, Caj)!. Samuel Robinson's co., Col. Isaac Bean's rest. ; marched on 
an alarm at Rhode Island March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 11 
days. 

Bacox, Josiah. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell's co. ; pay abstract for service with 
guards at Rutland in 1779 and 1780. 

Bacox, Josiah. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, Josiah. Private, Capt. Joshua Benson's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's (5th) regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison at West Point; 
enlisted July 9, 1780; discharged Jan. 10, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bacon, Josiah, Jr., Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 177i5, from Dedham (4th Parish); service, 12 days; 
also, Capt. Aaron Guild's co., Col. Lemuel Robson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 30, 1776 ; 
roll made up for 13 days to time of marching; service at Dorchester Heights; 
regiment raised in York and Suffolk counties. 

Bacon, Josiah, Jr., Hutchinson (Barre). Private, Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jona- 
than Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 4 da.vs; also, company return [probably Oct., 177-5] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivsllent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Bent's co.. Col. Grout's regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Barre; 
enlisted April 14, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacon, Judah, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt.; order for advance pay dated Boston, June 27, 1776; also, payroll 
for service from date of enlistment, June 13, 1776, to Aug. 1, 1776, 1 mo. 19 days ; 
roll dated Castle Island; also, pay rolls for Aug. -Nov., 1776; also, list of men 
mustered in Barnstable Co. liy James Otis, Muster Master, dated March 14, 1777; 
Capt. John Russel's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; mustered March 10, 1777 ; 
enlistment, during war ; also, Corporal, 6th co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 24, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported 
enlisted Fel). 24, 1777 ; joined May 20, 1777, also reported as serving 27 mos. 
7 days as Private, 7 mos. as Corporal ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 24, 1780; reported discharged Feb. 24, 1780. 

Bacon, Kenelm, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt. ; pay roll for Dec, 1779; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bacon, Lemlel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Baker's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on a secret expedition to Tiverton, R. I., Oct. 4, 1777; discharged Nov. 1, 1777; 
service, 28 days. 

Bacon, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Job Crocker's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted July 2, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1777 ; service, 5 mos. 18 days, at Rhode 
Island and sundry places in Massachusetts. 

Bacon, Lot, Sandwich (also given Barnstable). Private, Capt. John Russell's co. ; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1776; roll made up to Sept. 30, 1776; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at 
Martha's Vineyard; also, Capt. Russell's co., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt.; 
pay roll for service from Sept. 30 to Nov. 22, 1776, 1 mo. 22 days, at Martin's 
(Martha's) Vineyard ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; resi- 
dence. Sandwich ; enlisted for town of Sandwich ; joined Capt. Russell's co.. Col. 
Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, 6th co.. Col. 



420 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacox, Lot, continued. 

Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service fi'om Jan. 10, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. John Russell's co., Col. Bradford's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 16, 1777; roll made up for rations to time of arrival at Bennington, Marcli 
21, 1777, 2 mos. IG days; marched from Boston; also, return dated April 2, 1779; 
enlisted Jan. 17, 1777; joined April 6, 1777. 

Bacox, Lot. Private, Capt. Moses McFarland's co. of invalids ; Col. Lewis Nicbola's 
regt.; muster roll dated Boston, Sept. 9, 1779; also, muster roll dated Oct. 2, 
1779; stationed at Boston; also, muster roll for Oct., 1779; stationed at Boston; 
reported sick and absent. 

Bacox, Michael, Needham. Private, Capt. Daniel AVliiting's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; return dated Cambridge, June 18, 177") ; also, Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 15, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 19 days ; also, company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 22, 1775; also, Capt. Ilopestill Hall's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt.; enlisted Jan. 30, 1776; service, 22 days. 

Bacox, Michael. Drummer, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Weld; service from Dec. 11, 1776, to Dec. 30, 
1776, 19 days, at Castle Island. 

Bacox, Michael. Matross, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's (7th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; enlisted June 15, 1776; rolls made up to May 7, 1777; reported 
as serving Nov., 1776, in colony service, Dec, 177(i, and Jan., 1777, in Continen- 
tal service. 

Bacox, Michael. Private, Capt. James Morton's co., Col. Pierce's regt. ; marched 
to Governor's Island March 3, 1778; discharged April 4, 1778; service, 32 days. 

Bacox, Moses, Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. William Heath's 
regt., which inarched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, Capt. 
Samuel Kilton's co.. Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 27, 1775; also, Capt. John Gay's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay aljstract for travel allowance sworn to Nov. 29, 
1776; credited with allowance for 1 day. 

Bacox, Moses, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish); service, 7 days; also, 
Capt. Battle's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; pay abstract for 5 days rations 
and mileage in March, 1776; service in taking and fortifying Dorchester Heiglits; 
also, Capt. Battle's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt., under command of Lieut. Col. 
Weld ; service from Dec. 11 to Dec. 30, 1776, 19 days, at Castle Island ; also, Capt. 
Battle's CO., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; marched to Roxbury March 23, 1778; dis- 
charged April 9, 1778 ; service, 18 days. 

Bacox, Moses, Wellfleet. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Doane's (2d Barnstable Co.) regt., dated Chatham, March 4, 1777; reported on 
board a Continental frigate. 

Bacox, Nathax, Bedford. Private, Lieut. Moses Abbott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 15 days ; also, list of men I)etween 
the ages of sixteen and sixty wko are liable to boar arms, as returned to Col. 
Green, dated Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Nathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Sept. 26, 1776; service, 1 mo. 27 days; 
stationed at Newport, R. I. Roll sworn to at Falmouth. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 421 

Bacon, Nathan. Seaman, brigantine "Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; 
engaged May 8, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 31, 1779 ; service, 3 mos. 24 days. 

Bacon, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Alexander McClellan's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchel's 
regt. ; enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days, 
on expedition to Penobscot, lloll dated Gorham. 

Bacon, Noah. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 5 days ; company marched from Lincoln March 4, 1770, to fortify Dorches- 
ter Heights; also, list of men detached from Col. Brooks's regt. to relieve the 
guards at Cambridge ; served in Capt. Farrar's co. from Lincoln [year not given] . 

Bacon, Noah. Pri\iite, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted April 2, 1778 ; discharged July 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at 
Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, Norman. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1781; discharged Dec. 3, 1781; service, 2 mos. 25 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company detached from Col. Dana's regt. to join Continental 
Army ; stationed near West Point, N. Y. 

Bacon, Olivek, Bedford. Drummer, Lieut. Moses Abbott's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 4 days; also, list of men 
between the ages of sixteen and sixty who are liable to bear anus, as returned to 
Col. Green, dated Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Oliver, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Bacon, Oliver. Private, Capt. Joshua Fisk's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; marched 
to Rhode Island Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 7 days. Roll 
dated Natick. 

Bacon, Oliver. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Hali- 
fax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bacon, Oliver, Jr. Private, Capt. Joshua Fisk's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 6 days. 
Roll dated Natick. 

Bacon, Orris. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched on 
an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778; service, 4 days; 
also, Capt. Nathaniel Lothrop's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 2 days, guard- 
ing men from the " Somerset " from Barnstable to Plymouth ; roll dated Nov. 9, 

1778. 

Bacon, Philo, Whately. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co.. Col. David Wells's regt.; 
marched to Ticonderoga May 10, 1777 ; discharged Jul}- 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 
10 days; also, Capt. White's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt.; marched to Saratoga 
Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; roll sworn to at Hat- 
field ; also, list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 18, 1778 ; Capt. White's co., Col. 
Chapin's regt. ; age,20yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; hair, brown; residence, Whately ; 
also, Capt. Joshua L. Woodlmdge's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted June 
25,1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; service, 6 mos. 7 days, at Rhode Island; also, 
descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 
6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; 
complexion, ruddy; residence, Whately; arrived at Springfield Jul.y 6, 1780; 
marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, pay roll for 6 
months men raised by the town of Whately for service in the Continental Army 
during 1780 ; marched July 6, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 5, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 7 
davs. 



422 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bacon, Prince. Private, Capt. Micah Hamblin's co. ; enlisted July 12, 1775; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 177'); senice, 5 mos. 19 days. 

Bacon, Prince, Nantucket. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Cai>t. 
John Bridge's co.. Col. Brooks's rejrt. [year not given] ; residence, >'antticket ; 
enlisted for town of Lexington; joined Capt. Pope's co., Col. Siiepard's regt.; 
enlistment, during war. 

Bacon, Prince, Sandwich (also given Barnstable). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated 
June 10, 1777; residence, Sandwich; enlisted for town of Sandwich; joined Cai)t. 
Pope's CO., Col. Shepherd's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, Private, 
Capt. Isaac Pope's (4th) co.. Col. William Sheppard's (3d) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to May 2."), 1779; reported 
deserted; also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, and March and 
April, 1779, dated Camp at Providence; enlisted Nov. 30, 1776; also, list of de- 
serters; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, brown; resi- 
dence, Barnstable; enlistment, during war; deserted May 2."), 1779, at Providence. 

Bacon, Ralph, Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Nathaniel Goodwin's co., dated Fel). 21, 1778 ; joined Capt. George Donham's co., 
Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacon, Retiue, Peterborough. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Corey's co., Col. AVilliam 
Prescott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted May 16, 177o; service, 
77 days; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 7, 177"). 

Bacon, Reuben, Bedford. Private, Lieut. Moses Abbott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 5 days. 

Bacon, Reuben, Bedford. Private, Capt. John Moore's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 21 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, 
list of men in Col. Baldwin's regt., dated May 1, 1775; also, list of men between 
the ages of sixteen and sixty who enlisted into the army, as returned to Col. 
Green, dated Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Reuben. Capt. Benjamin Walker's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Jan. 26, 
1776. 

Bacon, Richard, Ashljurnham. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co., Col. Samuel 
Bullard's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, from Natick ; service, 6 days. 

Bacon, Rufus, Charlton (also given Dudley). Fifer, Capt. William Campl)eirs co.. 
Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company return dated Roxl)ury, Oct. 7, 1775; 
a^so, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 21, 
1775 ; also. Drum Major, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Jonathan Ilolman's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm to Providence, R. I., Dec. 10, 1776; service, 1 mo. 13 days; 
also, Drummer, Capt. Lamb's co.. Col. Cushing's regt.; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 24 days; also. Drum Major, Capt. 
Reuljen Davis's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt.; enlisted July 17, 1781; arrived at 
West Point Aug. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 1, 1781; service, 3 mos. 21 days; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, Samuel, Bedford. Private, Capt. John Moore's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, list of men l)etween tlie ages of 
sixteen and sixty who are liable to liear arms, as returned to Col. Green, dated 
Bedford, May 15, 1775; also, list of men in Col. Baldwin's regt. [year not given]. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 423 

Bacon, Samuel, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which marched 
on the ahirm of April 19, 177o, to Marshfield; service, 11 days; also, Corporal, 
Capt. Thomas Mayhew's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return 
dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Bacox, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Savory's co. ; enlisted Nov. 30, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 4, 1775; service, 5 days; company detached from 2d Foot co. in Bradford 
for defence of Cape Ann. 

B.\coN, Samuel, Barnstable. Corporal, Capt. James Davis's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1775 ; 
rolls made up_to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, on the sea coast; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; abstract for 
advance pay dated Boston, June 15, 1776; also, pay roll for service from date of 
enlistment, June 6, 1776, to Aug. 1, 1776, 1 mo. 26 days ; roll dated Castle Island; 
also, pay rolls for Aug.-Nov., 1776. 

Bacon, Samuel. Adjutant, 1st regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
Aug. 7, 1776; regiment raised to reinforce army under Gen. Schuyler at Ticon- 
deroga. 

Bacon, Samuel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Prentiss's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Saratoga home ; approved in Coun- 
cil Jan. 28, 1777. 

Bacon, Samuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Cook's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 23 days; company 
raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Bacon, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
marched to the Northward Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 
mos. 16 days. 

Bacon, Samuel, Rowley. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 11, 1778; age, 
21 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, light; hair, sandy; eyes, light; residence, 
Rowley. 

Bacon, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's re?t. ; en- 
listed Sept. 25, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days; company 
detached to fortify the posts in and about Boston. 

Bacon, Samuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. Powell's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 26, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, 
at New Haven, Conn. 

Bacon, Samuel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Ayer's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 7, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 
days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated Haverhill. 

Bacon, Seth, Wrentham. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Bacon's co., which marched 
April 30, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2| days. 

Bacon, Silas. Private, Capt. Joseph AVinch's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 25 days, in Northern 
department. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Bacon, Silas. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Everett's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days. 

Bacon, Silas. Private, Capt. Moses Bullard's co.. Col. Ebene/.er Thayer's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months. 



424 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacon, Simeon. Private, Capt. John Thompson's co., Col. Leonard's (Hampshire Co.) 
rept. ; marched to reinforce Northern army May 7, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; 
service, 2 mos. 10 days; enlistment, 2 months. 

Bacon, Simeon. Private, Capt. Aaron Graves's co.. Col. David Leonard's re^'t.; en- 
listed May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bacon, Simeon, Ware. Private, Capt. Fllijah Dwight's co. ; pay abstract for billeting 
money [year not given] . 

Bacon, Simeon, Jr., Ware. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co. ; pay abstract for bil- 
leting money [year not given] . 

Bacon, Simon. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bacon, Simon. Private, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bacon, Solomon. List of men l)etween the ages of sixteen and sixty who are liable to 
bear arms, as returned to Col. Green, dated Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Solomon, Hutchinson (Barre). Private, Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 20, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 13 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bacon, Stephen, Jr., Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co., Col. William 
Heath's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; 
also, Capt. Samuel Kilton's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Camp No. 3, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Bacon, Taylor. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted July 20, 1776; 
discharged Aug. 7, 1776; service, 18 days, at Salem; reported transferred to the 
" Lee." 

Bacon, THEOPiiiLrs. Fifer, Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 24, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 3, 1778 ; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bacon, Thomas, Wrentham. Captain of a company which marched April 30, 1775, in 
response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2| days. 

Bacon, Thomas, Bedford. Private, Capt. John Moore's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 6 days ; also, list of men between the ages of 
sixteen and sixty who are liable to bear arms, as returned to Col. Green, dated 
Bedford, May 15, 1775. 

Bacon, Thomas. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from Jan. 25 to 
Feb. 3, 1776, 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands; also, pay rolls for service from April 
5 to Nov. 21, 1776, 7 mos. 17 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bacon, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; enlisted 
Junel, 1778; discharged Jan. 31, 1779; service, 8 mos. 8 days, at Peekskill and 
AVhite Plains ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Bacon, Thompson, Dracut. Private, Capt. Joseph 15. Varnum's co.. Col. Mcintosh's 
regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bacon, Thompson, Bedford (probably). Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co.. Col. 
Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; enlisted Feb. 20, 1778; roll made up to May 20, 
1778; service, 3 mos., at Bunker Hill; also, list of men detached from Capt. 
Moor's CO. for an expedition to Rhode Island, as returned by Lieut. Col. William 
Thompson ; list dated Billerica, Aug. 2, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 425 

Bacox, Thompson. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. .30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days. RoH 
dated Suffolk Co. 

Bacox, Timothy, Needhani. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 daj's. 

Bacox, Timothy. Corporal, Capt. Xathan Watkins's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776 ; reported sick in general hospital. 

Bacon, Timothy. Private, Capt. Joseph Winch's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug, 16, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos. 15 days, in 
Northern department. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Bacon, Timothy. Private, Capt. Roger Libby's co. detached from Cumberland Co. 
militia, under command of Nathaniel Jordan, Esq.; joined Oct. 1, 1779; dis- 
charged Oct. 23, 1779; service, 23 days, at the Eastward. 

Bacon, Timothy. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 8, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at the 
Eastward, under Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. Roll sworn to in York Co. 

Bacon, Timothy. Account of bounty paid him bv Thomas Porter, Chairman of Class 
No. 7 of the town of Topsfield, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 
3 years or during war, dated Jan. 14, 1782 ; also, Private, Capt. Francis Green's 
CO., Col. Joseph Tose's (1st) regt.; muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781, dated 
Camp at Peekskill; enlisted Juh- 8, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster rolls 
for Oct. and Nov., 1781, Jan., Felj. and March., 1782, dated York Hutts ; reported 
on command with woodchoppers in Oct. and Nov., 1781. 

Bacon, Timothy'. Private, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated March, 1783. 

Bacon, Will. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, June 22, 1775. 

Bacon, William, Walpole. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Sabin Man's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt., which marched on the alai'm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, 
return of officers in Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt., dated Ticonderoga, Oct. 11, 
1776. 

Bacox, William, Natick. Ensign, Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 da3'S. 

Bacon, William, Roxbury. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 22, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; 
also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported deserted June 26, 
1775; not mustered. 

Bacon, William, Bradford. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; return of men in camp at Cambridge May 17, 1775 ; also, receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, July 12, 1775 ; also, company return dated Cambi-idge, Sept. 
6, 1775; also, Capt. Nathan Gage's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 6, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days, with Northern army. 

Bacon, William, Sheffield. Captain of a company in Col. John Fellows's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 17 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, list of officers in 
camp at Roxbury, May 23, 1775; also, list of officers dated Roxljury Camp, May 
31, 1775; commissioned June 7, 1775; also, returns for rations dated Roxbury, 
June 5-July 3, 1775 ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 6, 1775. 



420 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacon, William. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Oliver Clap's (10th) co., Col. Ephraim 
Wheelock's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; coniniissioned 
April 21, 1776; also, list of officers dated AVrenlhani, April 8, 1776. 

Bacon, AVilliam, Sutton. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co.. Col. Ebenezer Larned's 
re.st., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days ; also, Capt. 
Barth'o AVooill)ury's co., Col. Learned's re;;t. ; return for l)illetin,i? money; 
marched from home Dec. 9, 1775 ; also, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co., Col. Dike's 
re?t. ; return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Capt. 
March Chase's co.,Col. Jonathan llolman's (Worcester Co.) reijt. ; marched Sept. 
26, 1777 ; roll made up to Oct. 26, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; company marched to 
Saratoga to reinforce Northern army; also, Capt. John Putnam's co., Col. Wade's 
(Worcester Co.) regt. ; marched to join Gen. Sullivan at Providence June 20, 
1778; service, 26 days; also, Capt. Putnam's co., Col. John Holman's regt.; 
return of men in service at Providence 21 days, dated June 22, 1778. 

Bacon, William. Private, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Hawse's regt.; marched on 
an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 7, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 

7 days. 

Bacon, William, Marblehead. Captain; return of officers of several companies who 
made clioice of John Glover as Colonel; commissioned June 22, 1775; also. Col. 
John Glover's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; ser- 
■\ice, 3 mos. lo days; also, company return [prolmbly Oct., 1775] ; reported on 
furlough; n/so. Colonel, 5th Essex Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; com- 
missioned Sept. 20, 1779. 

Bacon, William, Boston (also given Roxbury). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Samuel Ward's and Capt. Thomas Nash's cos.. Col. 
William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt., dated Weymoutli, Jan. 2, 1778; resi- 
dence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Weymouth ; joined Capt. James Jones's co., 
Col. Henrj' Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Drummer, Major's co.. 
Col. Jackson's regt.; Continental Arm.y pay accounts for service from April 3, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel 
Barber, dated Boston, June 8, 1777; Capt. Langdon's co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Fifer, Capt. Peter Dollil)er's co., Col. Jackson's 
regt.; payrolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence; also, pay roll 
for Sept., 1778; also, Private; pay rolls for Nov., 1778, and Feb., 1779, dated 
Garrison at Pawtuxet; also, Fifer, 1st co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for 
March, 1779; reported in Nov. and Dec, 1778, Jan. and Fel)., 1779, as a Private, 
afterwards assigned to drum bj- Gen. Sullivan, and ordered to receive drum- 
mer's pay for those months; also, Maj. Lemuel Trescott's (3d) co., Col. Jack- 
son's regt.; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also. Drummer; pay 
roll for Jul}-, 1779, dated Providence; also, pay roll for Oct., 1779; also, return 
dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Major's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 3, 1780. 

Bacon, William, Worcester. Private, Capt. John Pierce's (15th) co.. Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 31, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. William Gates's co., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted March 31, 1777; enlistment, 3 
years ; also, muster return dated Feb. 4, 1778 ; also, Lieut. Daniel Grout's co.. 
Col. Bigelow's regt.; pay roll for Fel)., 1779, dated Providence; also, (late) Capt. 
Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; also, Capt. Pierce's co., Col. Bigelow's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 31, 1780; also, muster roll for 
Jan.-June, 1780, dated Robinson's Farms; reported discharged March 31, 1780. 

Bacon, William. Private, Capt. Timothy Mann's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th 
Suffolk Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 28, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 13 days. 



LN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 427 

Bacon, AVilliam. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's CO., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; 
service, 12^ days. 

Bacox, William, Salem. Doctor, ship " Franklin," commanded by Capt. John Tur- 
ner; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Dec. 2, 1780; age, 28 yrs. ; com- 
plexion, light ; residence, Salem ; cruise began Aug. 8, 1780. 

Bacox, William. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., 4th Suffolk Co. regt. ; marched 
to Rhode Island March 3, 1781; discharged March 17, 1781; service, 15 days; 
company detached to serve under Maj. Gen. Lincoln for 40 days campaign, by 
order of Gov. Hancock. 

Bacox, William. -Seaman, State ship "Tartar," commanded by Capt. John Cath- 
cart; engaged July 28, 1782; discharged Nov. 21, 1782; service, 3 mos. 24 days; 
also, receipt for wages signed by Susan Bacon. 

Bacox, William. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men dated April 11, 1783. 

Bacor, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Simeon Gary's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 2, 1776 ; roll made up for 6 days to time of marching. 

Bacok, Bexjamix. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Simons's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 1 
mo., in Xorthern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Bacor, Bexxi. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlen's (Artillery) co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 2 days, guarding prisoners from the ship "Somerset" from Barnstable 
to Plymouth, Nov. 9, 1778. 

Bacor, Bixxey. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Simeon Gary's regt.; en- 
listed Feb. 2, 1776 ; roll made up for 6 days to time of marching. 

Bacor, Corxeliis, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined 
Col. Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bacor, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlen's (Artillery) co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Falmouth, in March, 1779; also, 
pay roll for 2 days service on an alarm at Falmouth, in April, May or Sept., 1779. 

Bacor, Kexelm, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 11, 1779; discharged Dec. 15, 1779; service, 6 mos. 8 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bacor, Reubex. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., Col. John Cushing's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 26, 1776; service, 57 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Newport, 
Nov., 1776, and sworn to at Falmouth, Barnstable Go. 

Bacor, Reubex. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged 
Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos. ; marched to Manchester, Vt., thence to AUington, 
thence to Stillwater, by order of Gen. Lincoln; joined Gen. John Ashley's regt. 
and marched to Botton's Rills. 

Bacor, Solomox. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 7 
days, in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Bacor, Stephen-. Warrant to pay officers and crew of the sloop "Bethian," dated 
June 1, 1784; service at Penobscot. 

Bacor, Timothy. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 1 mo., 
in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 



428 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bacor, "William. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 7 
days, in Northern department, lloll dated Hancock. 

Badcock, . [This name also appears under the form of Babcock, Badcok, Badcox, 

Badkok, Bardcock.] 

Badcock, Abraham, Granville. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age,'21yrs. ; stature, 
5ft. 11 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; occupation, farmer; enlisted Feb. 
2.1, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, Capt. Eluathan Haskell's co., Col. 
"William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; 
enlisted March 14, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Badcock, Amos, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Benson's co.. Col. Ilufus Putnam's (.5th) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 15, 1777, to Dec. 10, 
1779; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb., 1778; also, list of deserters dated 
Nov. 20, 1780; age, 43 yrs. ; stature, .') ft. 8 in. ; complexion, black ; hair, black ; 
residence, Sandwich ; enlistment, 3 years; deserted Oct., 1778; reported an Indian. 

Badcock, Amos. Private, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co., Col. Abner Perry's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 
1780 ; service, 14 days. Roll dated Sherborn. 

Badcock, Benjamin, Milton. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Tucker's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Bradley's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 
27, 1777; joined Capt. John Spurr's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years; also. Corporal, Capt. Spurr's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service frpm Feb. 1, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1777; reported died Nov. 
1, 1777. 

Badcock, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Knowlton's co., Col. Dike's regt.; return of men 
in service from Jan. 1 to March 1, 1777. 

Badcock, Benjamin, Northampton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 
1778; Capt. Clapp's CO., Col. Chapin's regt. ; age, 23.vrs.; stature, oft. 6 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, black; residence, Northampton. 

Badcock, Benjamin, Jr., Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver "S'ose's co.. Col. Robertson's 
regt. ; service, 15 days ; marched to Roxbur.v after Concord light and -there did 
ser\'ice before formation of standing army ; also, Capt. Josiah Vose's co. ; pay 
roll for 12 days service on the sea coast from April 13 to April 26, 177G. 

Badcock, Beriah. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Badcock, Daniel, Pittsfield. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Pitts- 
field for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Julj' 27, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 27, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 5 days. 

Badcock, David, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., whicli marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, 
Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days. 

Badcock, Ebenezer, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Vose's co.. Col. Robertson's regt.; 
service, 15 days; marched to Roxbury after Concord fight and there did ser-vice 
before formation of standing army ; also, Capt. John Bradley's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Gill's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; service, 5 days; marched to Dorchester Neck 
when the forts were erected on the Heights; also. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Vose's 
CO. ; pay roll for 12 days service on the sea coast from April 13 to April 26, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 429 

Badcock, Ebexezer, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's cc, Col. Nicholas 
Dike's refjt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776; also, 
Capt. Joseph Gritfeth's co.. Col. John Jacobs's re.ijt. ; enlisted June 22, 1778; ser- 
vice, 6 nios. 12 days; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, Capt. Nathaniel 
Belcher's co. ; marched Sept. 7, 1779; discharged Oct. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo., at 
Castle Island, under Maj. Gen. Hancock; company raised in SuflFolk Co. 

Badcock, Elisha, Milton. Matross, Capt. Daniel Vose's (train band) co., Col. Rob- 
inson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 
14 days; also, Sergeant, Capt. William Wyman's co.. Col. Paterson's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.'); enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 

Badcock, Enoch. Private, Capt. James Endicott's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
marched June 13, 1776, to Moon Island when the British fleet was driven out of 
Boston harbor ; service, 3 days. 

Badcock, Exoch, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Francis's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance sworn to in Suflfolk Co., Nov. 29, 1776. 

Badcock, George, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Badcock, George, Milton. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Tucker's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 6 days. 

Badcock, George. Sergeant, Capt. James Lemont's co. ; enlisted July 18, 1775 ; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 26 days; stationed at Georgetown. 

Badcock, George. Private, Capt. William Badcock's co.. Col. Pierce's regt.; enlisted 
March 1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Castle Island. 

Badcock, Ithamar, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Yose's co., Col. Robertson's regt.; 
service, 15 days ; marched to Roxbury after Concord fight and there did service 
before formation of standing army; also, Capt. John Bradley's co., Col. Benja- 
min Gill's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; marched to Dorchester 
Neck when the forts were erected on the Heights ; also, Capt. Josiah Yose's co. ; 
pay roll for 12 days service on the sea coast from April 13 to April 26, 1776. 

Badcock, Ithamar. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rliode Island Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 
28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days. Roll swoni to at Dedham. 

Badcock, Ithamar. Private, Capt. James Endicott's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's 
regt.; marched to Roxbury March 20, 1778; discharged April 17, 1778; service, 
29 days. Roll dated Stoughton, March 12, 1782. 

Badcock, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. John Ellis's co., Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; en- 
listed June 10, 1778 ; discharged Feb. 24, 1779 ; service, 8 mos. 26 days ; company 
raised to fortify and secure the passes of North River, N. Y. ; also, pay rolls for 
June-Sept., 1778, dated Fort Clinton; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, 
dated King's Ferry. 

Badcock, Jer&miah. 1st Corporal, Capt. Timothy Heald's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt. ; enlisted June 30, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 25, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 27 days, 
on Penobscot expedition. 

Badcock, Jethro. 2d Lieutenant, 6th co., 2d Bristol Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned Aug. 10, 1779. 

Badcock, Johx, Manchester. Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co., Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; service, 2 mos. 19 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Capt. Kimball's co., Col. Israel 
Hutchinson's (^19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 



430 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Badcock, John, continued. 

Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775 ; also, list of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col 
Israel Hutchinson of the 27th regt., dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1770 ; reported taken 
prisoner at Fort Washington ; served in Capt. Kiml)airs co. 

Badcock, John, Milton. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Tucker's co., wliich marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, Capt. Josiah Vose's co. ; pay roll 
for 12 days service on the sea coast from April 13 to April 20, 1776. 

Badcock, John, Manchester. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Essex 
Co. [j'ear not given] . 

Badcock, John. Private, Capt. William Badcock's co.. Col. Pierce's regt.; enlisted 
March 1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Castle Island. 

Badcock, Jonas, Northborough. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co.. Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt.; paj' abstract for mileage, etc., to Dorchester Heights [probably in 
Sept., 1776] ; also, pay aijstract for travel allowance, etc., home, dated Dorchester 
Heights, Nov. 30, 1776; also. Corporal, Capt. Moses Harrington's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Badcock, Joseph, Milton. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Vose's (train band) co.. Col. Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 
14 days. 

Badcock, Joseph. 1st Major, Col. Benjamin Gill's (3d Suffolk Co.) regt. ; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 7, 1776; also, return of officers who 
marched to Dorchester Heights on the alarm of March 4, 1776; also, pay roll for 
12 days service from March 14, 1776, guarding mouth of Milton River; also, Cul. 
William Mcintosh's regt.; engaged March 19, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; 
serAice, 18 days, at Roxbury Lines and Boston. 

Badcock, Joseph, Manchester. Private, Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co.. Col. Mansfield's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 15, 1775; service, 17 days; 
also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Kimball's co.. 
Col. Israel Hutchinson s (19tli) regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775; also, Capt. Hatfield White's co.. Col. 
Rufus Putnam's (4th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, receipt for bounty paid 
him by Aaron Lee for the town of Manchester to serve in the Continental Army 
for the term of three years, dated Boston, May 29, 1782; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Pike's CO., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's regt. ; return of men in service June-Dec, 
1782; time allowed from May 29, 1782; also, Col. Nixon's (6th) regt.; accounts 
of certificates for arrears of pay, etc., paid Feb. 3, 1784. 

Badcock, Lemvkl, Wrentham. Sergeant, Capt. John Gay's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
rejit. ; travel allowance for 2 days, sworn to Nov. 29, 1776. 

Badcock, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Seth Sumner's co., Col. Gill's regt. ; marched to 
Castle Island March 1, 1778; service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Badcock, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 26, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Badcock, Lemuel, Dorchester. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Dorchester ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 5, 1780 ; receipted for by Capt. -Lieut. John Callender of 3d Artillery bat- 
talion ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Dorchester for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 1, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 23, 1780; service, 6 mos. 4 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 431 

Badcock, Malachi. Private, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co., Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Ishiiid on the alarm of Jul}' 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; 
service, 1-i days. Roll dated Sherborn. 

Badcock, Moses. Seaman, l)rigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos. 8 
days. 

Badcock, Nahim, Milton. Private, Capt. Elijah Vose's co., Col. Heath's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2; also, Capt. Vose's 
CO., Col. John Greaton's regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Cambridge, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Badcock, Nahim. Private, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co., Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt. ; 
return of men in service [probably between Jan. and April, 177G] near Boston. 

Badcock, Nathan, Milton. Private, Capt. El)enezer Tucker's co., which inarched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Badcock, Nathax (also given Nathaniel). Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co., Col. John 
Brown's regt.; enlisted Aug. 9, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 2 mos. 
21 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Badcock, Nicholas, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Thomas Burnham's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Abraham Dodge's 
CO., Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 
1775; service, 12 weeks 6 days; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775; age, 20 
yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Badcock, Nicholas. List of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutch- 
inson of the 27th regt., dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776 ; reported taken prisoner 
at Fort Washington; served in Capt. Kimball's co. 

Badcock, Nichols. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard under 
Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Badcock, Reuben, Northborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Wood's co.. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Wood's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 13, 1775; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26,1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; a/so, company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Dorchester, Jan. 5, 1776; also, Lieut. Seth Rice's co.. Col. Job 
Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged at Hadley; service, 7 days; 
company called out on an alarm to assist Northern army. 

Badcock, Rvfus, Milton. Private, Capt. John Bradley's co.. Col. Lemuel Robinson's 
regt. ; pay roll for 4 days service performed after Concord fight and before forma- 
tion of standing army; also. Quartermaster, Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; 
receipts for provisions for Col. Wheelock's regt., dated Ticonderoga, Aug. 2-t-Nov. 
20, 1776. 

Badcock, Samuel. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Pros- 
pect Hill under Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 16, 1775. 

Badcock, Samuel, Milton. Private, Capt. Draper's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
Capt. Josiah Vose's co. ; pay roll for 12 days service on the sea coast from April 
13 to April 26, 1776. 

Badcock, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Bradley's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
marched to Manchester, Vt., to join Northern army Aug. 14, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 
28 davs. Roll dated SuflFolk Co. 



432 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Badcock, Seth, Milton. Bombardier, Maj. Thomas Pierce's co., Col. Richard Grid- 
ley's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted May 16, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 3 days; a/so, company return dated Roxbury Camp, Sept. 29, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 
27, 1775. 

Badcock, Seth. Private, Capt, Stephen Badlam's co., Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt.; 
return of men in service [probably between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston ; 
also, Capt. Noah Nichols's co., Col. Jeduthan Baldwin's regt. of Artillery artificers. 
Gen. Knox's brigade; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 17, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years. 

Badcock, Seth. Corporal, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt.; 
return of men in service [prol)ably between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Badcock, Seth, Milton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 27 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Milton; arrived at Springfield 
July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. Jackson 
of the artillery; also, Private; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Milton for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 1, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1780; service, 6 mos. 4 days. 

Badcock, Stephen, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Yose's co.. Col. Robertson's regt.; 
service, 15 days; marched to Roxbury after Concord fight and there did service 
before formation of standing army. 

Badcock, "William, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford ; service, 3 days. 

Badcock, William, Milton. Lieutenant, Capt. Oliver Vose's co., Col. Robertson's 
regt. ; service, 15 days ; marched to Roxbury after Concord light and tliere did 
service l)efore formation of standing army; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Seth 
Stower's co.. Col. Lemuel Robinson's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned Feb. 21, 1776. 

B.\DC0CK, AVilliam. Private, Capt. "William Pearson's (3d) co. ; enlisted Jan. 24, 
1776; rolls made up to Nov. 18, 1776; service, 9 mos. 25 days, at Gloucester. 

Badcock, "William. Captain, East Milton (2d) co., Col. Benjamin Gill's (3d Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned March 25, 1776; also, 
Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; return of men in service for 3 mos. with reinforce- 
ments to Continental Army. 

Badcock, "William. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detacli- 
ment of guards ; enlisted May 11, 1779; discharged June 19, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
9 days, at Dorchester Heights; also, Capt. Clap's co., Maj. Heath's detachment 
of guards; enlisted Aug. 11, 1779; discharged May 1, 1780; service, 8 mos. 21 
days, in and al)Out Boston ; also, Matross, Capt. Clap's co., at Dorchester Heights, 
which was reduced to 1 sergeant and 9 matrosses, Oct. 13, 1780 ; also, Matross (also 
given Private), Capt. Clap's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detachment of guards; 
pay roll for 3 mos. service from Aug. 1 to Oct. 31, 1780, at Dorchester Heights. 

Badcok, Josei'h, Manchester. Certificate dated Danvers, Jan. 26, 1779, signed by 
Capt. llaffleld "Wiiite, certifying said Badcok to have been a soldier in his company 
of Col. Rufus Putnam's regt., from Jan., 1777, and not absent except on furlough. 

Badcox, David, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Kempton's co., Col. Danielson's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; reported died Aug. 23, 1775. 

Badden, Thomas. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
service from Oct. 2 to Dec. 13, 1778, 2 mos. 11 days, with guards at Boston and 
Cambridge ; company drafted for 6 mos. service. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 433 

Baddishell, William. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Freeman's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch 
Hallet's (Barnstable Co.) rest.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; 
service, 2 mos. 11 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Badeex, Nathan. Private, Capt. Abram Tyler's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
reported died May 23, 1776. 

Badex, Thomas, Roxbury. Capt. Draper's co.. Col. Ephraim "VVheelock's regt. ; re- 
ported discharged Oct. 25, 1776. 

Badex, Thomas. Boy, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; 
stature, 5 ft. 1 in. ; nationality, American ; engaged May 10, 1779 ; discharged 
Sept. 6, 1779; service, 3 mos. 28 days. 

Bader, Daxiel. Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order 
for bount}' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Badgelet, Stephex, Nobletown. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. John 
Paterson's (26th) regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 
26, 1775. 

Badger, . [This name also appears under the form of Bader, Eager, Bagger, 

Bagor.] 

Badger, Bexjamix, Reading. Private, Capt. John Baclieller's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; 
also, list of men in the Reading train band under Capt. John Walton, May 13, 
1775. 

Badger, Bexjamix, Bradford. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Reed's co.. Col. John Robin- 
son's (Infantry) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged Jan. 4, 1778; service, 
5 mos. 27 days; also, muster roll for July-Dec, 1777, dated North Kingston; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1778. 

Badger, Daxiel, Templeton. Capt. Joel Fletcher's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Camp near Charlestown Road, June 8, 1775 ; also, 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
12 days ; also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Badger, Daniel, Cape Ann. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 6, 1775; service, 25 
days ; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Capt. Trescott's 
CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 
1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported sick in camp. 

Badger, Elisha, Concord. Private, Capt. Charles Miles's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga [year not given] ; re- 
ported deserted ; also, list of men dated Concord, Dec. 20, 1776. 

Badger, Gideox, Putney (also given Westminster). Private, Capt. Abijah Moore's 
CO., which marched April 23, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 14 days; also, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 4, 1775; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; reported deserted. 

Badger, Gideox. Capt. Hastings's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; receipt for wages for 
Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill. 

Badger, Gideox, South Brimfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, IG yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer ; residence. 
South Brimfield ; enlisted May 15 (also given April 15) , 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; 
also, Private, Capt. Isaac Pope's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster 



43tl: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Badger, Gideox, continued, 

roll for July, 1781, dated rhillipsburgb ; aluo, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated 
Peekskill; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Jan., 1782, dated York Ilutts; also, 
muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated Cantonment, 1st Brigade, West Point. 

Badger, Henry. Sergeant, Capt. William Fletcher's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
regt. ; marched to Bennington Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; also. Pri- 
vate, Capt. Fletcher's co., Col. S.vmonds's regt. ; marched on an alarm by order 
of Gen. Lincoln Sept. 5, 1778; discharged Oct. 1, 1778; service, 30 days, at the 
Northward. 

Badger, John, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., wliicli marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 10 days. 

Badger, John, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of Ajiril 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; also, Capt. Morse's 
CO., Col. John Patterson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 24, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 21, 1775. 

Badger, John. List of men who served in Northern department, dated July 8, 1776; 
credited to town of Cambridge; reported as having been paid by subscription 
from those out of the alarm list. 

Badger, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Winch's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 16 days, in Northern 
department. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Badger, John. Private, Capt. Thomas AVhite's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards; service from Dec. 10, 1777, to March 1, 1778, 2 mos. 14 days, at 
Dorchester; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Boston, June, 1780; Capt. 
Marston's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
3 in. ; complexion, brown; enlistment, 6 months from July, 1780. 

Badger, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards ; enlisted April 2, 1778 ; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, 
at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months; also, muster roll dated Boston, May 14, 
1778. 

Badger, John, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days; reported died Sept. 13, 1778. 

Badger, John. Carpenter, ship "Vengeance," commanded bj- Capt. Thomas Thomas ; 
engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

Badger, John. Private, Capt. Walter McFarland's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's (Middle- 
sex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 7 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; companv raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Badger, John, Boston. Matross, Col. Crane's regt. ; pay roll for months men raised 
by the town of Boston for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched 
July 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 22, 1780; serA-ice, 6 mos. 2 days. 

Badger, John. Collier and Woodcutter, Quartermaster-General's department at Fish- 
kill; return of men in service Oct. 14, 1781 ; reported drafted from Mass. levies. 

Badger, John. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 10, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days, near 
AVest Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached from Col. Dana's regt. 
.to join Continental Army. 

Badger, John. List of men returned by Capt. Cranston [year not given]. 



IN THE ^VAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 435 

Badger, Jonathan. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Pros- 
pect Hill under Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 16, 1775. 

Badger, Joseph, Partridgefield (Peru). Private, Capt. Nathan "Watkins's co., which 
marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Gage- 
borough and Partridgefield ; service, 14 daj^s ; reported enlisted into the army 
May 5, 1775; also, Capt. Watkins's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days; also, company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Nov. 13, 1775. 

Badger, Josiah, South Brimfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 29 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. lOJn. ; complexion, fresh ; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, 
South Brimfield ; enlisted May 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Badger, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Zebulon Norten's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 11, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 16 days; 
also, Capt. Norten's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 
27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 23 days, at the Northward. 

Badger, Lemuel. Sergeant, Capt. William Fletcher's co., Col. Symonds's regt.; 
marched to Pawlet on the alarm of Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days. 

Badger, Nathan. Private, Capt. William Fletcher's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
regt. ; marched to Bennington Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; also, pay 
roll for service from Sept. 5 to Oct. 1, 1778, 30 days, at the Northward; marched 
on an alarm by order of Gen. Lincoln. 

Badger, Nathaniel, Raby (also given Littleton). Private, Capt. Samuel Gill)ert'3 
CO., Col. William Prescott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
20, 1775 ; service, 73 days ; also, company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 28, 1775 ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 
30, 1775. 

Badger, Nathaniel. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co., Lieut. Col. S. Williams's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 20, 1776 ; discharged March 23, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days. 
Roll dated Morristown. 

Badger, Obadiah, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, fi'om Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 6 days. 

Badger, Obadiah. List of men who signed a petition for payment of wages, dated 
Cambridge, Jan. 15, 1776 ; also, pay roll for a part of 5 months wages [year not 
given] . 

Badger, Ob.adiah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 19, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 26 days. 

Badger, Obadiah. Private, Capt. Richard Titcomb's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
(Essex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 6, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
18 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Badger, Samuel, Boston. Seaman ; list of prisoners brought the second trip from 
Rhode Island, as returned by John Ayres, dated Boston, Jan. 23, 1777; reported 
taken in the " Viper." 

Badger, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at Claverack. 

Badger, S.A3Iuel. Private, Capt. William Green's co.. Col. Cyprian How's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 30, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Badger, S.amuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Tay's co. ; warrant to pay offlcers and men 
dated Jan. 23, 1784. 



436 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Badger, Samvel, Reading. List of men who were on board the sloop "Woolf " 
(privateer) and were carried to New York [year not given] . 

Badger, Samuel, Jr. Private, Capt. William Green's co., Col. Cyprian How's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 30, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Badger, Stephen, Amesbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Essex Co., sworn to Feb. 11, 1778; joined Capt. Blaisdell's co., Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt.; enlistment, 8 months, to expire Jan. 10, 1778; also, Capt. Blais- 
dell's CO., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for 1 mo. 7 days ser- 
vice from May 24, 1777, dated Boston ; reported as having been refused payment 
of wages due previous to July 1, 1777, by Jonathan Trumbull, V. M. G., at Albany, 
on account of not having joined regiment at Peekskill before said date. 

Badger, Stephen. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 3, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 1 day; company detached 
to fortify a post at Boston. 

Badger, Timothy. Private, Capt. Thomas Cogswell's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; 
pay abstracts for Dec, 177.'), Feb., March, April and May, 1776; enlisted Dec. 1, 
177.5 ; also, list of men who lost articles at the evacuation of New York Sept. 14, 
1776. 

Badger, Timothy, Watertown (also given Haverhill) . Private, Capt. Amos Cogswell's 
(2d) CO., Col. James Wesson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 12, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Childs's 
CO., Col. Wesson's regt. ; list of men dated Boston, March 30, 1777, returned by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master ; also, Capt. Cogswell's co., Col. Wesson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 12, 1780. 

Badger, Timothy. Private, Capt. Jonathan Ayer's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 15, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated Haverhill. 

Badger, William, Boston. Private, Capt. Samuel Sprague's (9th) co.. Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt. ; muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1775 ; enlisted 
Aug. 15, 1775 ; also, company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775. 

Badger, William, Boston. Seaman; list of prisoners brought the second trip from 
Rhode Island, as returned by John Ayres, dated Boston, Jan. 23, 1777 ; reported 
taken in the " Viper." 

Badger, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at Claverack. 

Badger, William, Wrentham. Descriptive list of men detached from Lieut. Shepard's 
CO., agreeable to resolve of June 30, 1781 ; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark ; residence, Wrentham; enlisted Aug. 7, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 months; 
also. Private, Capt. John Lincoln's co.. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Badger, William, Reading. List of men who were on board the sloop "Woolf" 
(privateer) and were carried to New York [year not given] . 

Badkok, John. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
May 15, 1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 28 days, at Peekskill; 
enlistment, 8 months; reported sick in hospital during Sept. and Oct., 1778. 

Badlam, . [This name also appears under the form of Bedlam, Bcdlum.] 

Badlam, Ezra, Milton (also given Dorchester). 4th Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Vose's 
(train band) co., Col. Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Roxbury ; service, 14 days; also. Captain, Col. Richard Gridley's (Artil- 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 437 



Badlam, Ezra, continued. 

lery) regt. ; company return dated Roxbury Camp, June 23, 1775; also, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 2G, 177n; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, 
company return dated Scwall's Point, Oct. 8, 177') ; also, list of officers in Col. 
Loammi Baldwin's (26th) regt., dated Camp at Mile Square, Oct. 20, 177') ; also, 
receipt for wages for Jan., 1776, dated Chelsea; reported appointed Jan. 1, 1776; 
also, lists of men on weekly returns dated Cambridge Camp, Fel). 7, 1776, Fort No. 
1, Cambridge, Feb. 16, 1776, Chelsea, Feb. 23, 1776; also, return for Feb., 1776, 
dated New York, April 19, 1776 ; also, list of men dated Fort No. 1, March 2, 1776; 
also, receipt for wages for Feb., 1776, dated Cambridge, March 29, 1776 ; also, pay 
abstract for March, 1776, dated New York, April 19, 1776; also, pay abstracts for 
April, May and June, 1776, dated New York ; also, list of men returned as hav- 
ing lost articles at the evacuation of New York Sept. 14, 1776 ; also, return of 
men in service Sept. 21, 1776, dated New Jersey " English Neighborhood; " also, 
return of men in service Sept. 28, 1776, dated Fort Constitution ; also, returns 
dated Fort Constitution, Oct. 5 and Oct. 12, 1776; also, return of men in service 
Dec. 16, 1776, dated East Town ; also, return of men in service Dec. 26, 1776, on 
expedition to Trenton, dated Mixfield, Penn.; also, Lieut. Colonel, 2d regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. Line; commissioned July 7, 1777; also, Col. John Bailey's 
(2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; o^so, return of officers for clothing dated Dorchester, Sept. 28, 1778; 
also, receipt for clothing dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778 ; also, list of officers in need of 
clothing, dated Dorchester, Oct. 22, 1778; also, order for clothing dated Dorches- 
ter, Nov. 6, 1778 ; also, list of officers dated Boston, May 19, 1779 ; also, list of 
settlements of rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board held 
for the purpose and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779 ; also, list of officers in 
service Sept. 24, 1779, dated Boston ; also. Major and Lieut. Colonel, Col. James 
Wesson's regt. ; depreciation roll to make good the depreciation of wages for the 
first three years service in the Continental Army from 1777 to 1780 ; reported 
made up in Col. Bailey's regt.; a^so, Lieut. Colonel, Col. Bailey's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
petition dated Camp at Yerplanck's Point, Oct. 15, 1782, signed by Col. Michael 
Jackson, stating that said Badlam was dismissed in Aug., 1782. 

Badlam, Norton. Capt. Stephen Badlam's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt. ; return 
of men in service [probably between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Badlam, Samuel, Weymouth. Capt. Joseph Trufant's co.; order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 30, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, 
Capt. Trufant's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; pay rolls for service from May 
22, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 6 mos. 9 days. 

Badlam, STErHEX, Milton. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Vose's (train band) co.. Col. Rob- 
inson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 
14 days. 

Badlam, Stephex, Dorchester. Captain-Lieutenant, Maj. Thomas Pierce's co.. Col. 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 3 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury Camp, Sept. 29, 1775. 

Badlam, Stephen. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; 
service, 4 days, subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

BADLAar, Stephex. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt.; 

service, 3 days, in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 
Badlam, Stephen. Letter dated Dorchester, June 27, 1778, written by said Badlam as 

Superintendent of Suffolk Co. to Gen. Warner, at Fishkill, concerning the raising 

of recruits. 
Badlam, Stephen. Major, Col. Bailey's regt.; receipt for clothing for officers dated 

Boston, Nov. 14, 1778; also, receipt dated Nov. 19, 1781. 



438 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

B.vDL.vM, Stephen. Official record of a ballot 1)y the House of Representatives dated 
June 12, 1780; chosen to the office of joint Muster Master with Col. Nathaniel 
Barber for the county of Suffolk ; appointment concurred in by the Council, June 
12, 1780. 

BADL.4J»r, Stlvanus, Sherborn. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Aaron Gardner's co., 5th Middlesex Co. rest., dated Dec. 12, 1777; joined 
Capt. Brewer's co., Col. Brewer's re.irt. ; enlistment, during war; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men dated ^Vest Point, Jan. 28, 1781 ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; hair, dark; residence, Sherljorii; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777, at Ticon- 
deroga, by Capt. Brewer; joined Capt. Williams's co., 2d regt. ; enlistment, 
during war. 

Badlam, Sylvester, Sherborn. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
1st or 9th CO., Col. Bullard's regt., dated Felj. 17, 1778 ; joined Capt. Brewer's co., 
Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Badlam, William, Milton. Fifer, Capt. Daniel Yose's (train band) co., Col. Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 
U days. 

Badlasi, William, Sherborn. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Aaron Gardner's co.. Col. Bullard's (5th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Dec. 
12, 1777; joined Capt. Brewer's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, during war; 
also, Sergeant, Capt. Moses McFarland's invalid corps. Col. Nichola's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pa.v accounts for service from Jan. 21, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
stationed at Boston. 

Badlam, William, Dorchester. Fifer, Capt. Ezra Badlam's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 12 days; also. Gunner, company return dated Sewall's Point, Oct. 
8, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Sewall's 
Point, Dec. 26, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co., Col. Knox's 
(Artillery) regt. ; return of men in service [prol)al)ly between Jan. and April, 1776] 
near Boston ; also, list of men" in Col. Wheelock's Orderh' Book, dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Sept. 20, 1776; appointed Quartermaster of the corps of 
artillery vice Gardner advanced. 

Badoonah, Moses. Private, 3d co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; muster rolls for 
March and May, 1782. 

Badooner, Moses. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
regt.; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated Highlands; enlisted Feb. 1, 
1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated New Boston; 
also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts, New Boston. 

Badortha, . [This name also appears under the form of Bedortha.] 

Badortha, LrxHER. Private, Capt. Samuel Thrall's co., Col. M. Willet's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1781; discharged Nov. 9, 1781; service, 2 mos. 29 days, on 
Mohawk River; enlistment, 3 months. 

Badslet, Stephen, Nobletown. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co.. Col. Patter- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 6, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
3 days. 

Badumah, Moses. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. Greaton's (3d) regt.; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village ; enlisted Feb. 1, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Badunah, Benjamin. Private, Lieut. Caleb Crafts's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; service, 
25 daj-s, at Dorchester Heights, from July 4 to Jul}* 28, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 439 

Badixah, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Job Sumner's co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 1780; enlisted July 9, 1780; enlistment, 6 months. 

Badvner, Moses. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
rejjt. ; muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill; enlisted Feb. 1, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Badwell, Joshua. Private, Capt. Abel Holden's (later Capt. AVottles's) co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (6th) regt. ; return for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; time allowed from April 

8, 1781. 

Bael, Samuel, Jr. Capt. Thomas Grant's co., Col. John Glover's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1770. 

Batfoed, Jajies, Newburyport (also given Salem and New Salisbury). Descriptive 
list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of 
their arrival at Fishkill, June 18, 1778; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; com- 
plexion, light ; residence, Newburyport. 

Bager, Daniel, Templeton. Private, Capt. Joel Fletcher's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Bager, Samuel. Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Fuller's co.. Col. Samuel Bul- 
lard's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 24 
days, at Stillwater. 

Bager, Stephen", Amesbury. Private, Capt, Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward 
AVigglesworth's regt.; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 
1776. 

Bager, Stephen". Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted 
April 6, 1778; roll made up to July 4, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 29 days; also, muster 
roll dated AVinter Hill, May 11, 1778; also, pay roll for ser-v"ice from July 2 to 
July 12, 1778, 10 days. 

Bagg, . [This name also appears under the form of Baggs, Bogge, Boggs.] 

Bagg, Aaron". Private, Capt. David "\i\Tieeler's co. ; service, 6 days, in Aug., 1777 ; 
marched from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck on an alarm. 

Bagg, Daniel, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's (also given Lieut. Stephen 
Crawford's) co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched to 
Ticonderoga and Saratoga April 26, 1777, by order of Maj. Gen. Gates; dis- 
charged May 22, 1777 ; service, 25 days. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Bagg, Daxiel, Jr. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. David Moseley's (1st) co.. Col. John Mose- 
ley's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; chosen by com- 
pany April 26, 1776. 

Bagg, David, Pittsfield. Capt. "William Francis's co. ; list of men who marched to 
Albanj" Jan. 14, 1776, by order of Gen. Schuyler, and were dismissed Jan. 19, 
1776 ; service, 5 days ; also, Lieut. James Hubbard's co. ; list of men who went 
to Manchester July 18, 1777, and were dismissed July 28, 1777; service, 1 week 3 
days. 

Bagg, Israel. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co., Col. John Moseley's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
21, 1777; discharged Oct. 1, 1777; service, 17 days, at the Northward. 

Bagg, John". Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at the Northward. 

Bagg, Joseph. 1st Lieutenant, 1st co., Col. Simonds's (2d Berkshire Co.) regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 25, 1777; also, Capt. Joseph 
Barns's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched to Sara- 



440 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bagg, Joseph, contmued. 

toga April 26, 1777, by order of Maj. Gen. Gates ; discharged May 19, 1777 ; ser- 
vice, 24 days; also, Capt. David "Wheeler's co. ; service, 6 days, in Aug., 1777; 
marched from Lanesboroiigh to Meloomscuyck on an alarm. 

Bagg, Jvdah, M'est Springfield. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co., which marched 
April 20, 177ii, in response to the alarm of April 19, 177;"); service, 1 mo. 5 days; 
reported discharged. 

Bagg, Judah. Corporal, Capt. John Morgan's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777 ; dischai'ged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 13 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bagg, Martin, Pittsfield. Capt. "William Francis's co. ; list of men who marched to 
"Williarastown Sept. 13, 1776, and were dismissed Sept. 21, 1776; service, 8 days; 
a/so. Sergeant, Lieut. James Hubbard's co., Lieut. Col. David Kossiter's regt.; 
marched to Manchester July 18, 1777; discharged July 28, 1777; service, 1 week 
3 days ; also, Lieut. Hubbard's co. ; list of men who marched to Bennington Aug. 
19, 1777, and were dismissed Aug. 24, 1777 ; also, list of men in Capt. Francis's 
CO. who went to Stillwater Sept. 30, 1777, and were dismissed Oct. 10, 1777 ; ser- 
vice, 1 week 4 CLslvs ; also, Sergeant, Lieut. Joel Stevens's co., Col. Ilosseter's regt. ; 
service on an alarm at Fort Edward from Oct. 15 to Oct. 18, 1780, 3 da\'s; also, 
pay roll for service on an alarm from Oct. 18 to Oct. 21, 1780, 3 days. 

Bagg, Olivek, "West Springfield. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co., which marched 
April 20, 177;"), in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, 
Capt. Chapin's co., Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted April 28, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; also, company return dated 
Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone3', 
dated Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775 ; also, Capt. Joseph Morgan's co., Col. John Mosely's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt., commanded liy Lieut. Col. Timotln- Robinson of Gran- 
ville; marched to reinforce Northern army Oct. 21, 1776; returned Nov. 17, 
1776; service, 28 days; also, Corporal, Capt. John Morgan's co.. Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt.; enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 
3 mos. 13 days, in Northern department. 

Bagg, Phineas, Pittsfield. Capt. William Francis's co. ; list of men who marched to 
Albany Jan. 14, 1776, l)y order of Gen. Schuyler, and were dismissed Jan. 19, 
1776; service, 5 days; also, Lieut. William Barber's co., Col. Simonds's regt.; 
list of men who marched to New York Sept. 30, 1776, and were dismissed 
Nov. 17, 1776; service, 7 weeks; also. Private, Capt. William Francis's co., Maj. 
Caleb Hyde's regt. ; list of men who marched to Fort Edward July 8, 1777, and 
were dismissed Aug. 26, 1777; service, 7 weeks; also, list of men who enlisted 
Oct. 26, 1779, to reinforce Continental Army, and were dismissed Nov. 30, 1779. 

Bagg, Thomas. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 11, 1777 ; service, 27 days, in Northern department. 

Bagg, Walter, West Springfield. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Bagger, Gideox. Private, Capt. Isaac Pope's co.. Col. AVilliam Shepard's (4th) regt.; 
muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; enlisted April 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bagger, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Boston; arrived at Springfield July 
5, 1780; reported receipted for by Capt. -Lieut. John Callender of 3d artillery 
battalion. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 441 

Baggle, Abijaii. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Hampshire Co. regt. ; enlisted 
July 1, 1778; roll made up to Oct. 31, 1778; regiment detached from Gen. Daniel- 
son's brigade to serve under Gen. Stark in Northern department. 

Baggs, Daxiel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. David Mosely's co., Col. JohnMosely's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; marched to rein- 
force Northern amiy Oct. 21, 1776; returned Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days. 
Roll dated Westtield. 

Baggs, Joseph, Lanesborough. 2d Lieutenant, 14th co., 2d Berkshire Co. regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 3, 1776. 

Baggs, Noble. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel AVilliams's 
regt. ; enlisted iTec. 15, 1776 ; discharged March 18, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 11 days. 
Roll dated Morristown. 

Eaglet, . [This name also appears under the form of Baggie, Baglie, Bagly, 

Begley.] 

Bagley, Aaeox, Amesbury. Private, Capt. John Currier's co.. Col. Isaac Merriell's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, Capt. 
Moses Nowell's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; roll made up from time of arrival at 
Providence, R. I., May 4, 1777 ; discharged July 4, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 days. 

Bagley, Abel, Salisbury (also given Amesbury). Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co., 
Col. Titcomb's regt. ; roll made up from time of arrival at Providence, R. I., May 
4, 1777 ; discharged July 4, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days. 

Bagley, Abel, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Page's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 19^ days. 

Bagley, Abel, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 daj'S ; also, receipt 
for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 28, 1775 ; also, company return 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bagley, Abiah. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted May 18, 1781 ; discharged 
Aug. 18, 1781; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bagley, Abijah. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co. ; return for Sept., 1778. 

Bagley, Abner. Private, Sergt. John Bagley's co. ; enlisted May 7, 1782 ; roll made 
up to July 20, 1782; service, 2 mos. 13 days, with guards at Falmouth. 

Bagley, Andrew, Peterborough. Corporal, Capt. William Scott's co.. Col. Paul Dud- 
ley Sargent's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Bagley, Bexja.mix. Corporal, Capt. John Boyd's co., Col. John Dagget's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 24, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; 
service, 11 days. 

Bagley, Bexjajiix, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778 ; joined Capt. 
George White's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; enlistment, 3 j'ears ; also, Pri- 
vate, Capt. White's co.. Col. Benjamin Tapper's (10th) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 18, 1777, to July 7, 1777; reported taken pris- 
oner July 7, 1777; also, Capt. White's co.. Col. Francis's regt.; roll made up for 
62 days rations from date of enlistment, Jan. 18, 1777, to time of arrival at 
Bennington. 

Bagley, Cuttixg, Rowley. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782 ; age, 
19yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in. ; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Rowley ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1782 ; joined Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. 



442 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baolet, CuTTixo, contintted. 

Col. J. Brooks's (7th) re^t. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, list of deserters ; Capt. 
Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's rogt. ; deserted June 13 [year not given] from 
New AVindsor. 

Bagley, Daniel. Private, Capt. Joseph Noyes's co. ; enlisted July 11, 1775 ; roll made 
Tip to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at Falmouth. 

Bagley, David. Trivate, Capt. Henry Tiebout's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-March, 1781, dated AVest Point; reported 
exchanged March 18, 1781, for William Rude. 

Bagley, Jacob. List of men who delivered firelocks, dated Jan. 6, 1776. 

Bagley, John. Col. Sherman's regt.; list of men who took the prescribed oath dated 
Middlesex, July 1, 1775. 

Bagley, John, Williamsburg. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return for travel allowance granted Sept. 12, 1776; also, pay abstract for travel 
allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776; also, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Samuel Fairfield's co., dated Fel). 10, 1778; joined 
Capt. Jonathan Allen's (also given Goodman's) co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, Maj. Allen's co., Col. Putnam's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported deserted Jan. 1, 1780; also, Capt. Nathan Goodale's co., Col. Put- 
nam's regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; mustered by Col. AVood- 
l)ridge; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from July 18, 1780, to 
Oct. 18, 1780; reported deserted Oct. 18, 1780; also, list of deserters dated Nov. 
20, 1780; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; resi- 
dence, Williamsburg ; enlistment, 3 years ; deserted Oct. 16, 1780 ; reported " came 
in on act of grace of July last." 

Bagley, John, Candia. Private, Capt. Thomas Cogswell's (2d) co.. Col. Gerrish's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 10, 1775; service, 1 mo. 22 
days; a^so, Capt. Cogswell's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th 
regt.; return for Aug., 1775; also, company return dated Sewall's Point, Sept. 
27, 1775; also, pay abstract for Sept., 1775, dated Sewall's Point; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Nov. 9, 
1775; also, pay abstracts for March, April and May, 1776; also, list of men re- 
turned as having lost articles at the evacuation of New York, Sept. 14, 1776; also, 
list of men who agreed to serve 6 weeks from Dec. 31, 1776, dated Trenton; also, 
Capt. Cogswell's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt. ; list of men who furnished their own 
arms, sworn to at Haverhill, July 30, 1777; also, list of men under command of 
Col. Jacobs formerly of Col. Baldwin's regt., who returned guns at Chatham 
[year not given] ; service, 6 weeks ; also, Capt. Cogswell's co. ; return of men in 
service for 6 weeks [year not given] . 

Baglkv, John. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Thorn," commanded 
by Capt. Richard Cowell, dated Marblehead, Sept. 14, 1780; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; 
complexion, dark. 

Bagley, John. Sergeant, commanding a detachment of guards at Falmouth ; enlisted 
May 7, 1782; roll made up to July 20, 1782; service, 2 mos. 13 days. 

Bagley, Jonathan. Colonel, Essex Co. regt. ; list of field officers of Mass. militia ; 
commissioned in 1767; regt. made up of men from Amesbury, etc.; also, lists of 
field officers of Mass. militia; commissioned in 1769, 1773 and 1774; Stephen 
Emery also reported Colonel at the same time of the same regt. 

Bagley, Jonathan, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 6 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 443 

Baolkt, Jonathan'. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridaje's 
react. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days ; 
company raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Bagley, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 2, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, guarding prison- 
ers after surrender of Gen. Burgoyne's army. Roll dated Winter Hill. 

Baglet, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted May 18, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Aug. 18, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield. 

Bagley, Joseph, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Henry Morrill's co., Col. Caleb Cushing's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, i days. 

Bagley, Josiah. Lieutenant, Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st New York) regt. ; muster 
roll for Jan.-March, 1781 ; appointed March 1, 1780; reported on command at 
Fort Edward ; also, returns dated West Point, March 22 and March 29, 1781 ; 
reported on command at Fort Edward; a/so, returns dated West Point, May 1, 
May 11, May 24 and June 1, 1781; reported on command at Saratoga. [See 
Joseph Begley.] 

Bagley, Orlando, Araesbury. Private, Capt. Matthias Hoit's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 

Bagley, Orlando, Amesbury. Private, Capt. John Currier's co., Col. Isaac Merriell's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Bagley, Peter, Amesbury. Private, Capt. John Currier's co.. Col. Isaac Merriell's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; serrice, 7 days; also, Capt. 
Currier's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, 
July 1, 1775; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bountj' 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 16, 1775; also. Sergeant, 
Capt. Moses Nowell's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; roll made up from date of arrival 
at Providence, R. I., May -1, 1777 ; discharged July 4, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days ; 
also. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
July 20, 1778 ; discharged Jan. 1, 1779 ; service, 5 mos. 18 days, at North Kingston, 
R. I.; also, muster roll for July and Aug., 1778, dated East Greenwich; also, 
muster roll for Jan. -Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich ; enlistment to expire Jan. 
1, 1779; also, return of men who served in boats on expedition against Newport; 
service, 7 days; endorsed "1778." 

Bagley, Philip, Haverhill. Private, Capt. James Sawyer's co., Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 [service not given] ; also, 
return of men in camp at Cambridge May 17, 1775; also, company return [proba- 
bly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Sept. 26, 1775. 

Bagley, Samuel, Williamsburg. Private, Capt. Abel Thayer's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 daj's; 
reported enlisted into the array April 28, 1775 ; also, Capt. Thayer's co.. Col. 
Fellows's regt. ; company return dated Dorchester, Oct., 1775. 

Bagley, Samuel. Private, Capt. Russell Kellogg's co.. Col. Ruggles WoodI)ridge's 
regt.; marched on an alarm at Bennington, Aug. 17, 1777; dischai-ged Aug. 19, 
1777; service, 5 days; also, Lieut. Kellogg's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 30 days, on expedition to Saratoga 
and Stillwater. 

Bagley, Sakgent, Amesl)ury. Sergeant, Capt. Matthias Hoit's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 



4A4: :massachusetts soldiers and sailors 

Eaglet, Seth, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Henry Morrill's co.. Col. Caleb Cushing's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to tlie alarm of April 19, 1775 ; 
service, 6 days. 

Bagley, Thomas, Salislmry. Private, Capt. Henry Morrill's co., Col. Caleb Cushing's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; 
sersice, 6 days. 

Bagley, Thomas. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 2, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, guarding pris- 
oners after surrender of Gen. Burgoyne's army. Roll dated Winter Hill. 

Bagley', Thomas, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Moses Nowell's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
roll made up from date of arrival at Providence, 11. I., May 4, 1777; discharged 
July 4, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days. 

Bagley, Thomas. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. j 
enlisted July 8, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos., at North King- 
ston, R. I. 

Bagley, Thomas. Private, Capt. Richard Titcomb's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 4, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 20 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bagley, Timothy, Amesbury. Corporal, Capt. John Currier's co., Col. Isaac Mer- 
riell's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Bagley, Timothy. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 2, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, guarding pris- 
oners after surrender of Gen. Burgoyne's army. Roll dated AVinter Hill. 

Bagley, Ti.-mothy, Tewksbury. Capt. Samuel Tay's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 12, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
company raised in Middlesex and Suffolk counties to reinforce Continental Army; 
also, certificate dated Woburn, March 29, 1784, signed by Capt. Tay, stating that 
the name Bagley should have been written Bayley on roll for above service. 

Baglie, AniJAH. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co. detached from Gen. Danielson's 
brigade; pay abstract for Oct., 1778. 

Bagly, Abel. Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bagly, Benjamin. Muster Master's return made by John Cushing, Muster Master 
for Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlisted for town of Newburyport; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Bagly, Johx. Private, Capt. Thomas Cogswell's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstract for Feb., 1776. 

Bagly, Orlando, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 6 daj^s. 

Bagly, Orlando, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 
1776. 

Bagly, Samuel, Williamsburg. Private, Capt. Aliel Thayer's co.. Col. John P'ellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 
days ; also, order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Dor- 
chester, Nov. 7, 1775. 

Bagly, Thomas. Private, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; regiment 
detached from militia of Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 445 

Bagxal, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched April 6, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 28 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Bagxal, RiCHAiin, Plymouth. Corporal, Capt. Mayhew's co.. Col. Cotton's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177S; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; 
a^so, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Lieutenant, Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 
31, 1780; also, return dated Totoway, Oct. 16, 1780; also, returns dated "West 
Point, Jan. 26, 1781 ; reported on command with detachment; also, returns dated 
German Hutts and West Point, March 30, 1781, and April 6, 1781 ; reported on 
command with detachment; also, returns dated West Point, May 25, June 1 and 
June 15, 1781 ; reported on command at the Lines since May 28, 1781. 

Bagxall, . [This name also appears under the form of Bagnal, Bagnell, Bgnall.] 

Bagxall, Richard, Plymouth. Corporal, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 11 days; also, 
Capt. Thomas Mayhew's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775 ; also, Ensign, Col. 
John Brooks's (late Ichabod Alden's) 7th regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; commissioned Jan. 1, 1777; also. 
Lieutenant ; return dated Boston, Jan. 5, 1779 ; also. Ensign, Capt. Benjamin War- 
ren's CO., Col. Alden's (6th) regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Cherrj- Valley ; also, depreciation roll to make good the depreciation of wages for 
the first three years in the Continental Army from 1777 to 1780 ; reported a1)sconded ; 
also. Lieutenant, Capt. Aaron Holden's co.. Col. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; list of pro- 
motions in Continental Army ; commissioned April 16, 1780 ; also, list of officers ; 
recommended for appointment as Lieutenant to a position vacant July 1, 1779; 
commissioned Sept. 16, 1780; also, (late) Capt. Jonas Parker's co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point; reported on 
command at East Town in Feb. and March ; also, Capt. Jonathan Maynard's co., 
Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for Ma.v, 1781, dated West Point ; reported 
on command at the Lines ; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; reported on 
command with Col. Scammell ; also, returns dated Peekskill, June 22-29, 1781 ; 
reported detailed at the Lines since May 18, 1781 ; also, returns dated Phillipsburgh, 
Jul}' 7-Aug. 10, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; also, returns dated Peeks- 
kill, Oct. 5 and Oct. 12, 1781; reported on duty with Col. Swift; also, muster roll 
for Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; reported sick and absent; also, returns dated York Huts, 
Dec. 1-28, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Dec, 1781 ; reported sick and absent in 
Massachusetts; also, returns dated West Point, Jan. 25 and Jan. 31, 1782; also, 
muster roll for Jan., 1782; reported sick in Massachusetts; also, returns dated 
West Point, Feb. 15-July 5, 1782 ; also, muster rolls for Feb.-May, 1782 ; reported 
sick in Massachusetts ; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1782 ; also, list of 
officers; commissioned July 1, 1779; reported resigned July 26 (also given Aug. 
3), 1782. 

Bagxall, Robert. Conductor, (late) Deputy Quartermaster-General's department at 
Boston; enlisted June 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 23, 17S0; service, 28 mos.; re- 
ported also served as Wagon Master. 

Bagxall, Thomas, Boston. List of enlisted men; residence, Boston; enlisted for 
town of Wellfleet [year not given] . 

Bagxall, Thomas, Boston. Matross, Capt. Sargent's co., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 12, 1778, to Oct. 27, 
1780; enlistment, during war; reported deserted Oct. 27, 1780. 

Bagnell, Richard. Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Maynard's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1781, sworn to at Peekskill; also, 
return dated Aug. 25, 1781 ; reported under arrest in camp. 



446 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bagnet, Daniel, Nantucket (also given Sandwich). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Barnstable Co., dated May 10, 1778; residence, Nan- 
tucket; enlisted for town of Barnstable (also f;iven Sandwich) ; mustered March 
5, 1777; joined Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt., enlist- 
ment to expire Jan., 1780; reported killed in battle July G, 1777. 

Bagnit, Daniel, Mashpee. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; residence, 
Mashpee; enlisted for town of Sandwidi ; joined Capt. Lamont's co.. Col. Brad- 
ford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years, or during war. 

Bagor, William. Private, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detachment of guards; enlisted 
May 12, 1780; discharged Aug. 11, 1780; service, 3 mos., at Boston; enlistment, 
3 months. 

Baiker, Elijah, Raynham. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's 
regt.; musterroU dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlistedMay 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; 
also, comimiiy return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bail, Matthias, Old York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co., Col. James Scam- 
mon's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 21, 1775; service, 
11 days. 

Bail, Thomas. Manchester. Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co., Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Camljridge, July 1, 1775; also, Private; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 18, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 19 days ; also, company 
return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Kimball's co.. Col. Israel 
Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bount}' coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775. 

Baile, Tho^ias, Manchester. Private, Capt. White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Nov. 25, 1777 ; 
reported transferred to Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; also, depreciation roll to 
make good the depreciation of wages for the first three years service in the Conti- 
nental Army from 1777 to 1780; reported deserted. 

Bailes, Elias. Private, Capt. Henry Tiebout's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster roll for Jan.-March, 1781, dated West Point. 

Bailes, London. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for June, 1781 ; enlistment, during war ; reported on command 
at Dobb's Ferry. 

Bailevt, Alexander. Ensign, Capt. Paul Ellis's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Jan. 3, 1778; 
rei>orted resigned Jan. 3, 1778 ; also, muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 
1, 1777. [Also given as Alexander Francois Charles DeBaillivy.] 

Bailey, . [This name also appears under the form of Bagley, Bagly, Bail, Baile, 

Bailis, Baily, Bale, Baley, Baly, Bayle, Bayley, Baylies, Bayly, Bealey, Bealy, 
Belloy.] 

Bailey, Aaron, Lynn. Private; list of men who served at Concord battle and else- 
where belonging to Lynn, now called Lynn, Lynnfield and Saugus. 

Bailey, Abner. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. John Cushing's (2d 
Plymouth Co.) regt.; service, 15 days, in Dec, 1770; marched to Bristol, R. I., 
on an alarm. Roll dated Scituate. 

Bailey, Adam (also given Adams), Bridgewater. Quartermaster, Gen. John Thomas's 
(also given Col. Bailey's) regt. ; receipts for rations, etc., dated Roxbury, June 11, 
1775-Aug. 3, 1775; also, company return dated Oct. 0, 1775; also, Capt. Josiah 
Hayden's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; muster roll for 61 days from Sept. 1 [year 
not given] , dated Camp at Roxbury ; appointed April 19, 1775 ; also, Captain, 2d- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 447 

Bailet, Adam, continued. 

regt. ; list of officers of Mass. Line ; commissioned Nov. 1, 1778 ; also, Paymaster, 
Col. John Bailey's ('2d) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return dated Dorchester, Sept. 28, 1778; also, 
list of officers dated Dorchester, Oct. 22, 1778 ; also, list of officers dated Boston, 
May 19, 1779; also. Captain, Lieut. Col. Ezra Badlam's (2d) regt.; return of 
officers in service Sept. 24, 1779, dated Boston ; reported succeeded Capt. Jacob 
Allen ; also, list of settlements of rank of Continental officers made at West Point 
by a board held for the purpose and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also, 
Captain and Paymaster, Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also. Captain, Col. John Bailey's (2d) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Sprout after Jan. 1, 1781; muster roll for 1780 
and 1781 ; appointed Nov. 1, 1778 ; also, 4th co., Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (2d) 
regt.; return dated Philadelphia, July 11, 1783; also, returns dated Philadelphia, 
Aug. 1, Aug. 8 and Aug. 15, 1783 ; reported attending general court-martial. 

Bailet, Amakiah. Private, Capt. Hewit Root's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; ser^ice, 19 days, at 
Fort Edward. 

Bailey, Amherst. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; 
enlisted July 1, 1778 ; discharged July 2, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with guards 
at Iloxbury. 

Bailey, Amherst. Private, Capt. Luke Wilder's co., Col. Samuel Denney's (2d) 
regt.; service from Oct. 27, 1779, to Dec. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claverack. 
Roll dated Albany. 

Bailey, Aiios, Rowley. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; also, receipt for provisions dated Cam- 
bridge, April 21, 1775 ; also. Sergeant (also given Sergeant Major), Capt. Mighill's 
CO., Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed April 24, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 15 daj'S ; also, company return dated Sewall's 
Point, Sept. 26, 1775; also. Ensign, Capt. Mighill's (1st) co., Col. Loammi Bald- 
win's (26th) regt.; pay abstracts for rations from Jan. 1, 1776, to April 1, 1776, 
dated New York ; reported as 2d Lieutenant in March ; also, 2d Lieutenant ; pay 
abstracts for April and May, 1776; also, pay abstract for June, 1776, dated New 
York; also, return of men in service Nov. 1, 1776, dated White Plains; also, re- 
turn of men in service Dec. 26, 1776, on expedition to Trenton, dated Mixfield, 
Penn. ; also, Capt. Silas Adams's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated 
June 29, 1777. 

Bailey, Archibald, Swanzey. Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
return of men who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; reported drafted 
from Bristol Co. militia, but failed to join regiment. 

Bailey, Benjamix, Scituate. Private, Capt. Samuel Stockbridge's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 21 days. 

Bailey, Bexjamix, New Providence. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co., Col. Patterson's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 12 days. 

Bailey, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxbury, Feb. 12, 1776. 

Bailey, Bexjamix. Sergeant, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. John Cushing's (2d 
Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service, 15 days, in Dec, 1776 ; marched to Bristol, R. I., 
on an alarm. Roll dated Scituate. 

Bailey, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Joseph Bellows's co., Maj. Bridge's regt. ; marched 
to Bennington Aug. 22, 1777, on an alarm, by order of Gen. Stark and Col. War- 
ner ; service, 9 days. 



448 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bailey, Bexjamix, Middleton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June '), 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Middleton; arrived at Spring- 
field July 5, 1780; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Tay- 
lor of 2d Mass. Line; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bailey, Benjamin, Lunenburg. Capt. Josiah Stearns's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
(24th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated "Winter Hill, 
Dec. 23, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
David Carlile's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Jan. 9, 1778; residence, Lunen- 
burg; enlisted for town of Wellfleet; joined Capt. Jones's co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Corporal, Capt. John Hastings's (6th) co.. Col. 
Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Aug. 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. James Jones's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; 
pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa. ; also, pay rolls for June, July and Aug., 
1778, dated Providence; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated Pawtuxet; also, pay 
roll for Nov., 1778; also, pay rolls for Fel). and March, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; 
also, Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for April, 1779, dated 
Pawtuxet; also, muster roll dated Providence, July 13, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas 
Turner's (5th) co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 4, 1780. 

Bailey, Benjamin, Bolton. Private, Capt. Artemus How's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days; reported enlisted into the army April 
28, 1775; also, Capt. Samuel Wood's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; order for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 13, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; 
enlisted April 26, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 10 daj-s ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Jan. 5, 1776 ; also, list of men mustered 
in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 2, 1777; 
Capt. Wellington's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; also, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's 
CO., Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 25, 1781 ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; 
complexion, light; hair, light; eyes, blue; residence, Bolton; enlisted Nov. 16, 
1776, by Capt. Wellington ; joined Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; enlistment, 
during war. 

Bailey, Caleb, Scituate. Private, Capt. Samuel Stockbridge's co.. Col. Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 21 days. 

Bailey, Calvin. Private, Capt. David Jewett's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 5 daj'S. 
Roll dated Lancaster. 

Bailey, Charles, Hanover. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Plymouth Co. regt., dated May 26, 1777; enlistment to expire Jan. 10, 1778; 
reported drafted; also, list of prisoners on board the guard ship "Adams;" 
received July 31, 1777. 

Bailey, Daniel, Woolwich. Private, Capt. John Burnam's co.. Col. Michael Jack- 
son's regt. ; Continental Armj' pay accounts for service from March 2, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; residence, Woolwich; credited to town of Ipswich; also, Capt. 
John Bailey's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; service from March 2 to May 26, 1777. 

Bailey, Daniel, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Farmer's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 41 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern armv. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 449 

Bailey, Daniel, Medford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Lieut. 
Stephen Hall's co., 1st Middlesex Co. re^'t., dated Feb. 19, 1778; joined Capt. 
Bancroft's CO., Col. Jackson's rept. ; enlistment, 3 years; a^so, Corporal, Capt. 
James Bancroft's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's reift. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from March 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; rejwrted invalided; 
also, Lieut. Osjfood Carlton's co. of invalids; Col. Lewis Nichola's refft. ; pay 
rolls for Sept. and Oct., 1779; stationed at Boston; reported transferred from 
Col. Jackson's refrt. Sept. 1, 1779; also, Capt. McFarland's invalid corps; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 4, 1780 ; re- 
ported discharged. 

Bailey (?), Daniel. Receipt for bounty paid him by Lieut. .John Hayden for a 
class of the towrr of Hopkinton to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 
3 years, dated Hopkinton, June 12, 1781. 

Bailey', Daniel. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated Dec. 20, 1782 ; reported deserted. 

Bailey, David, Tewksbury. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin "Walker's co.. Col. Bridge's 
(27th) regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, list of men who received 
money from public treasury for losses at battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; 
allowed in Council, June 13, 177G. 

Bailey, David, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Farmer's co., Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 41 days ; marched to reinforce 
Northern army. 

Bailey, David, Spencertown. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; Capt. Abra- 
ham Watson's CO., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war; also. Private, Capt. Watson's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 16, 1780; reported deserted 
Feb. 16, 1780. 

Bailey, David. Private, Capt. Thomas Ingersoll's co.. Col. Ashley's (1st Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; service, 12 days, in Oct., 1781, at Stillwater, by order of Brig. Gen. 
John Fellows. 

Bailey, Ebenezer, Bolton. Private, Capt. Artemus How's co., -which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 
25, 1775; also, Capt. Samuel Wood's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; order for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 13, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted Ma.y 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, order for l)ounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Jan. 5, 1776 ; also, descriptive list 
of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable 
to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 31 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 1 in.; complexion, ruddy; 
residence, Bolton; arrived at Springfield July 27, 1780; marched to camp July 
28, 1780, under command of Capt. Storer ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised 
by the town of Bolton for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched 
July 24, 1780; discharged Jan. 24, 1781; service, 6 mos. 11 days; also, Capt. 
Jonathan Houghton's co., Col. Smith's regt. [year not given]. 

Bailey, Ebenezer, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. John Ames's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island June 26, 1778; service, 24 days; also, 
descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 
months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; 
complexion, light; residence, Bridgewater; arrived at Springfield July 12, 1780; 
marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign Gilbert ; also, list of 
men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as hav- 
ing passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, Capt. 



450 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAn.ORS 



Bailey, Ebenezer, contimted. 

Adams Bailey's co., Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. (commanded by Lieut. Col. 
Sprout after Jan. 1, 1781) ; muster roll for 1780 and 1781 ; enlisted July 12, 1780; 
enlistment, 6 months; reported deserted Jan. 2, 1781. 

Bailet, Edward. Private, Capt. Pyam Cushing's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; 
company assembled at Dorchester March 4, 1776; service, 4 days; also, pay roll 
for 4 days service between March 11 and March 29, 1776; companj' assembled to 
guard the shores. 

Bailey, Edward, East Hoosac (also given Williamstown). Private, Capt. Samuel 
Sloan's CO., which marched April 22, 177.^, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Williamstown ; service, 14 days; a/so, Capt. Sloane's co.. Col. John 
Patterson's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at Camljridge, June 6, 1775; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; 
also, Capt. Isaac Warren's (Gth) co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted Aug. 
1, 1780, but no service reported later than Dec. 31, 1779; also, return dated Camp 
at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Bailey, Edward. Descriptive list of enlisted men from Worcester Co. ; age, 36 jts. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, black; occupation, farmer; birth- 
place, Great Britain; enlisted for town of Springfield; enlisted Dec. 20, 1781; 
joined Capt. Hastings's (also given Capt. Bates's) co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. 
Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Dec, 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Bailey, Edward. List of men who received bounty from the town of Roxbury for 
enlisting into Continental Army for the term of 3 years ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1782. 

Bailey, Elijah, Chesterfield. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted May 25, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; service, 6 mos. 
13 days ; company raised for defence of Boston. 

Bailey, Elijah. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Bailey, Elijah. Private, Capt. Lebbens Drew's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt.; muster roll for July, 1781, dated Pliillipslmrgh; enlisted Jan. 15, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; 
also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, and Jan., 1782, dated York Ilutts; re- 
ported on command at the Block House in Jan., 1782. 

Bailey, Eliphalet, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bullard's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 9 days. 

Bailey, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. John Ames's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; marclied on 
an alarm at Rhode Island June 26, 1778; 8er^•ice, 24 days. 

Bailey, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; 
service, 11 days. 

Bailey, Eliphalet, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(.5th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; also, Capt. Gard- 
ner's CO., Col. I'utnam's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 10, 1780; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army for the term of 6 months, agrceal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
25 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Natick; arrived at 
Springfield Aug. 1, 1780 ; marched to camp Aug. 2, 1780, under command of Lieut. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 451 

Bailey, Eliphalet, contimied. 

Benjamin Pike; alxo, list of men raised for tlie G months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Tutoway, 
Oct. 2.5, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Natick for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Aug. 1, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 28, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 8 days ; nho, descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Middlesex Co.; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; 
eyes, blue; occupation, farmer; residence, Natick; enlisted May 1, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt. ; return for Jan. -Dec, 1781; time allowed from April 1, 1781; also, 
return for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported absent Aug. -Nov., 1782; also, Capt. John K. 
Smith's CO., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; return for Sept.-Dec, 1782; reported trans- 
ferred from 6th eo. 

Bailey, Exoch. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, June 22, 1777; Capt. Hastings's co., Col. Lee's regt.; re- 
ported transient; enlisted for town of Topsfield; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bailey, Enoch, Ipswich (also given Manchester). Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. 
Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Armv pay accounts for service from June 7, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported promoted to Sergeant, Feb. 1, 1778 ; deserted Oct. 
27,1778; returned April 1, 1779; deserted again June 5, 1779; family at Lancaster, 
Penn. ; also. Sergeant, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster 
roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported appointed Dec. 
2.5, 1777 ; joined from desertion on Gen. Washington's pardon April [year not 
given] . 

Bailey, Enoch, Salem. List of men who enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; residence, Salem ; enlisted for town of Rehoboth. 

Bailey, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa "VVhitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776. 

Bailey, Ephraim, Rutland. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. David Bent's and Capt. Phineas Walker's cos., dated Feb. 23, 1778; joined 
Capt. Wheeler's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Private, 
Capt. Moses McFarland's invalid corps; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 2, 1780; stationed at Boston; transferred from 
Col. Nixon's regt. ; reported discharged. 

Bailey, Ephraim, Shrewsbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; occupation, tailor; residence, Shrews- 
bury ; enlisted for town of Holden ; enlisted April 17 (also given April 7), 1782; 
joined Capt. Eliphalet Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years; also, Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; list of men fur- 
loughed ; leave given by Gen. Patterson to go from New Windsor to Shrewsbury, 
Dec. 16, 1782, for 60 days ; overstayed 1 day. 

Bailey, Ephraim. Private, 5th co., 7th regt.; return of men in service Jan., 1783; 
reported not mustered but entitled to pay, agreeable to order of Feb. 22, 1783. 

Bailey, Ezekiel, Rowley. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177.5; service, 5 days; also, Capt. Mighill's (1st) co.. Col. 
Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 23, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, return of men absent from 
muster dated Chelsea, Sept., 1775; reported sick 11 days; also, company return 
dated Sewall's Point, Sept. 26, 1775; also, return for Jan., 1776, dated Sewall's 
Point; also. Sergeant, Capt. Silas Adams's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; pay roll for 
2 mos. service dated June 29, 1777. 



452 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXl) SAILORS 

Bailey, Geokge. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. l)y Natlianiel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, May 11, 1777; Capt. Bailey's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Bailey, George, Rowley. Private, Capt. Silas Adams's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
pay roll for 2 mos. service dated June 29, 1777- 

Bailey, Gideon. Mate, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged Dec. 16, 1778 [service not given] ; reported in the "Mermaid." 

Bailey, Henry, Stoughton. Private, Capt. James Endecott's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Bailey, Henry. Private, Capt. Theophilus Crane's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
marched from Stoughton to Braintree March 22, 1776 ; service, 2 days. 

Bailey, Henry, Greenwich. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of Jime 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Greenwich; arrived at Spring- 
field July 18, 1780; marched to camp July 18, 1780, under command of Joseph 
Brown; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
2"), 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Greenwich for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 17, 1780 ; discharged 
Jan. 18, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 9 days. 

Bailey, Henry, Springfield. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. of guards ; assembled 
May 18, 1781 ; roll made up to March 31, 1783 ; service, 22 mos. 14 days, at Spring- 
field ; company made up of rejected recruits raised for Continental Army for 3 
years; also, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay roll for service from April 1 to 
June 30, 1783, 3 mos., at Castle Island; reported one of the rejected recruits sent 
from Springfield for fort duty. 

Bailey, HrDSox, Falmouth. 3d Sergeant, Capt. William Crocker's co., Col. Mitchell's 
(Cuml)erland Co.) regt.; payrolls for service from March 1, 1776, to Nov. 23, 
1776, 8 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth; also, Capt. Clarke's co.. Col. Benjamin Tup- 
per's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported promoted to Ensign; also, Capt. Samuel Thomas's co.. 
Col. Tupper's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 26, 1778; also, Colonel's co.. Col. 
Tupper's (l.'ith) regt.; muster roll dated West Point, April 5, 1779; enlisted 
Dec. 12, 1776; enlistment, 3 years; alto. Lieutenant, Col. Tupper's (11th) regt.; 
list of officers of Mass. Line ; commissioned July 4, 1780 ; also, list of officers dated 
Sept. 15, 1780; reported on furlough, time expired; also, Ensign, Col. Tupper's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service to Sept. 26, 1780; reported 
name struck otf roll Sept. 26, 1780. 

Bailey, Isaac, Lunenburg. Private, Capt. George Kimljall's co., wliich marched 
April 20, 177"i, in response to the alarm of April 19, 177;"); service, 10 days; also, 
Capt. Andrew Haskell's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomh's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 177."); enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 

Bailey, Israel, Stoughton. Drummer, Capt. James Endecott's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 10, 1775; service, 9 days; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Theophilus Crane's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; marched 
to Braintree March 22, 1776 ; service, 2 days ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Penni- 
man's co., Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for gun and l>lanket money sworn to in 
SuflFolk Co., May 5, 1777. 

Bailey, Is-rael. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 1, 1780; 
service, 3 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 453 



Bailey, Jacobus, Woolwich. Capt. McCobb's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; receipt for 
advance pay dated Canihridire, July 26, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 9, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 24 days ; also, company return 
dated Winter Hill, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bailey, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Noyes's co. ; enlisted Juh' 11, 1775; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at Falmouth. 

Bailey, James. Private, Capt. Aaron Ilaynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; dis- 
charged July 26, 1776. 

Bailey, James, Andover. Private, Capt. Walker's co.. Col. Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
company return- [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Bailey, James, Tewksbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj- from 
Capt. J. Baldwin's co., Middlesex. Co. regt., dated Billerica, Feb. 16, 1778. 

Bailey, James, New Rutland. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 1, 1781; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, black; occupation, yeoman; resi- 
dence. New Rutland ; enlisted Dec. 31, 1776, at Ticonderoga, by Capt. Chadwick ; 
joined Capt. James Means's co., 2d regt.; enlistment, during war; also. Private, 
Capt. Means's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Ipswich ; also. 
Sergeant, Capt. J. Means's co., Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bailey', James, Woolwich (also given Ipswich). Sergeant, Capt. James Bancroft's 
CO., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. John Bailey's co., Col. Jackson's 
regt.; service from March 10 to May 26, 1777; also, Capt. Bancroft's co.. Col. 
Jackson's regt. ; return dated April 9, 1779 ; reported enlisting men with Lieut. 
Wade; also, Capt. Seward's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, 
during war. 

Bailey-, James, Hardwick. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. 
Rice's regt.; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, oft. 2^ in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Hardwick; enlisted March 27, 1781; joined Capt. 
William Mills's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Private, (late) Capt. Benjamin Warren's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster roll for June, 1781; 
also, Capt. Mills's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, dated York Hutts ; also, list of men court-martialled ; tried Nov. 28, 1781, b}' 
regimental court-martial, Capt. King, President, on charge of stealing rum; sen- 
tence, fifty lashes; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781, and Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated 
York Huts. 

Bailey, John, Lancaster. Drummer, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford ; service, 3 days. 

Bailey-, John, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Walk*'s co.. Col. Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bailey, Johx. Private, Capt. AVilliam Crocker's co., Cumberland Co. regt.; pay roll 
made up from March 1, 1776; reported deserted March 6, 1776. 

Bailey, Johx, Hanover. Liexi tenant Colonel, Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; muster roll 
for 61 days service from Sept. 1 [year not given] , dated Camp at Roxbury ; also. 
Colonel; list of officers of Mass. militia; 2d regt. ; commissioned July 1, 1775; 
also. Lieutenant Colonel, Gen. Thomas's regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; 
also, Colonel, Maj. Gen. Thomas's division; list of field officers of Continental 
Army in 1776; also, 'Id regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, order for clothing dated Camp at White Plains, 



4:54: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bailet, John, continued. 

Aug. 19, 1778 [name crossed out on order] ; also, return of officers dated Dorches- 
ter, Sept. 28 and Oct. 22, 1778 ; also, certificate signed l)_v said Bailey dated Little- 
ton, Feb. 1, 1779; also, list of officers dated Boston, May 19, 1779; also, list of 
settlements of rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board held 
for the purpose and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also, Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported deranged. 

Bailey, John. List of men who received money from the public treasury for losses 
at the battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; warrant allowed in Council, June 
13, 1776. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Pickering's regt. ; marched Dec. 
16, 1776; discharged March 15, 1777; service, 3 mos. 16 days; also, receipt for 
mileage dated Springfield, March 16, 1777. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt. ; service, 
2 days, from Sept. 10, 1777, in defending and retaking a mast-ship in Sheepscot 
River. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 30, 
1777 ; discharged Nov. 6, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co., Col. Nathaniel Jordan's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1779 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1779 ; service, 1 mo., at Falmouth. 

Bailey, John. Private, Lieut. John Flint's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; enlisted 
June 16, 1778; discharged Feb. 11, 1779; service, 8 mos. 9 days, in fortifying 
passes of North River, N. Y.; also, Capt. Asa Lawrence's co.. Col. Poor's regt.; 
pay rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; also, (late) Capt. 
Lawrence's co., Col. Poor's regt. ; pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated West Point ; also, 
Lieut. Flint's co.. Col. Poor's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated West Point. 

Bailey, John, Newbury. Major's co. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 1779 ; discharged May 9, 1780 ; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Bailey, John, Falmouth. Capt. David Bradish's co. ; l)illetingroll from date of enlist- 
ment. May 23, 1775, to date of marching to headquarters, July 8, 1775, equivalent 
to 46 days; also, Capt. Bradish's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's (31st) regt. ; com- 
pany return [proljalily Oct., 177-5] ; reported on furlough; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 15, 1775. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10. 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bailey, John, Maiden. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence. Maiden; marched to camp 
under command of Capt. Parker ; roll dated Nov. 16, 1780. 

Bailey, John, Rowley. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated AVest Point, Jan. 10, 
1781 ; Capt. White's (also given Capt. Goodale's) co., Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; 
age, 39 yrs. 6 mos.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dark;, hair, dark; eyes, 
dark; residence, Rowley; enlisted A\)u\ 7, 1779, by Col. Putnam; rank, Private; 
enlistment, during war. 

Bailey, John, Manchester. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's (1st) co.. Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted 
May 1, 1775; ser\-ice, 3 nros. 8 days; also, company return dated Sewall's Point, 
Sept. 26, 1775; also, list of men dated Chelsea, Sept., 1775; reported sick 23 
days; also, pay abstracts for Jan. -April, 1776; rei)orted discharged; also, Capt. 
Haffield White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 455 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. John Pierce's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's (15th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 9, 1780, to March 8, 1780; 
reported deserted March 8, 1780 ; also, muster roll for Jan.-June, 1780, dated 
Robinson's Farms ; reported prisoner of war, Feb. 3, 1780. 

Bailey, John, Abin^ton. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master; Capt. Fuller's co., Col. John Jacobs's re,i,'t. ; mustered July 25, 
1779; also, Drum Major, Col. Jacol)s's regt.; enlisted Sept. 15, 1779; discharged 
Nov. 15, 1779; service, 2 mos. 1 day, at Rhode Island. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Bowker's co.. Col. Webb's regt.; enlisted Aug. 
18, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 3 raos. 22 daj'S ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
company raised-to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bailei:, John, Holden. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newhall, 
Muster Master; Capt. Gates's co., Col. Bigelow's regt.; mustered Sept. 4, 1777; 
enlistment, during war ; a^so. Drummer, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Timothy Bige- 
low's (15th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 30, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 9 mos. 1 day as Drummer, 19 mos. as 
Private; reduced to the ranks June 1, 1778; also, Lieut. Daniel Grout's co.. Col. 
Bigelow's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 1779, dated Providence; also, (late) Capt. 
William Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, 
dated Providence; also. Private, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bailey, John. Private, Capt. Isaac Parsons's co.. Col. Prime's regt. ; enlisted May 4, 
1780; discharged Jan. 3, 1781 ; service, 8 mos., at the Eastward, under Brig. Gen. 
Wadsworth. Roll dated North Yarmouth. 

Bailey, John, Woolwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d 
Essex Co. regt., dated Essex, Feb. 16, 1778; residence, Woolwich; enlisted for 
town of Newburyport ; joined Capt. John Bailey's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. John Burnam's co., Col. Jack- 
son's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to 
March 29, 1778 ; reported deceased May 29, 1778. 

Bailey', John. Private, Capt. Ilaffleld White's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; 
muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, dated West Point; reported on 
command with the infantry. 

Bailey, John, Holden. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 10, 
1781; age, 17 yrs. 8 mos.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; 
eyes, light; residence, Holden; enlisted June 17, 1777, by Col. Bigelow; rank, 
Private; joined Capt. Smith's co., Col. Putnam's (5th) regt.; enlistment, during 
war; reported joined from the 15th regt.; also. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-May, 1781, dated West 
Point; reported taken prisoner Feb. 3, 1780; joined Jan. 1, 1781; on furlough 
Jau.-April, 1781 ; sick at Holden in May ; also, muster rolls for June and July, 

1781, dated Camp near Dobbs's Ferry ; reported sick at Holden ; also, muster roll 
for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill; reported deserted Aug. 1, 1781. 

Bailey, John, Greenwich. Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(3d) regt.; muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp near Dobl)s's Ferry; enlisted 
April 3, 1781; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781, and Jan., 

1782, dated Hutts, New Boston; also, 3d co., Col. Greaton's regt.; muster roll 
for March, 1782; reported on command at the Lines ; also, muster roll for May, 
1782; also, Capt. Simon Jackson's 3d (also given 8th) co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; 
muster rolls for June-Nov., 1782; also, Capt. William Watson's (6th) co., Col. 
Greaton's regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Milieu; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 
1783; also, order for wages dated Cantonment near New Windsor, March 13, 
1783. 



4.')(] MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bailey, Johx, Jr. Private, Capt. William Crocker's co., Col. Mitchell's (Cumberland 
Co.) regt. ; pay rolls for service from Marcli 1, 1776, to Nov. '23, 1776, 8 mos. 23 
(lavs, at Falmouth. 

Bailey, Jons, Jr., BriJicewater. Private, Capt. Abraham "Watson's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's (3d) rcj^t. ; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Jan. 

25, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster roll for July, 1781, dated Camp near 
Dobbs's Ferry ; also, muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated New Boston ; also, 3d co.i 
Col. Greaton's regt.; muster rolls for March and May, 1782; also, Capt. Simon 
Jackson's 3d (also given Stli) co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; muster rolls for June- 
Nov., 1782; also, Capt. William Watson's (6th) co., Col. Greaton's regt., com- 
manded l)y Lieut. Col. Millen ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1783 ; also, order for 
wages dated Cantonment near Xew Windsor, March 13, 1783. 

Bailey, Jonas. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bailey, Jonathan, Bridgewater. Matross, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's co.. Col. John 
Bailey's regt. ; pay roll for service from April 10, 1775, to May 2, 1775, 23 days; 
also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 6 days ; also. Corporal, Capt. Lothrop's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated lloxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bailey, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. James Allen's co.. Col. Simeon Gary's regt. ; pay 
abstract for rations dated Camp near New York, Aug. 9, 1776. 

Bailey, Jonathan, Townsend. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance ; service at Dorchester Heights, Nov., 1776. 

Bailey, Jonathan, Billerica. Private, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. Tliomas 
Marshall's regt.; muster roll dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; enlisted June 7, 
1778; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bailey, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Luke Wilder's co.. Col. Samuel Denney's (2d) 
regt.; service from Oct. 27, 1779, to Dec. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claverack. 
Roll dated Albau}-. 

Bailey, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. John Ames's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 11 da3^s. 

Bailey, Jonathan, Jr., Bradford. Private, Capt. John Savory's (2d) co.. Col. Sam- 
uel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
returned home April 23, 1775 ; service, 2^ days. 

Bailey, Joseph, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co.. Col. Joseph Otis's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; service, 2 
days. 

Bailey, Joseph, Bridgewater. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's (Artillery) co.. Col. 
John Bailey's regt. ; pay roll for service from April 10, 1775, to May 2, 1775, 23 
days; also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 9 days ; reported enlisted into tlie artillery June 8, 1775 ; also, 2d Bom- 
bardier, Capt. Ezra Badlam's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 8, 1775; service, 1 mo. 25 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Sewall's Point, Oct. 8, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Sewall's Point, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Bailey, Joseph, Jr., Roxbury. Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; order for l;ounty coat or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Cambridge, Oct. 

26, 1775; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 25, 1781; 
age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, liglit; hair, dark; eyes, gray; enlisted 
Nov. 21, 1776, Ijy Capt. Foster; joined Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; enlist- 
ment, during war. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 457 

Bailey, Joseph, Rochester. Private, Capt. Seth Briggs's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Bailey, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt. ; 
return of men in service [probably between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Bailey, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Parker's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Sept. 21, 1776; service, 1 mo. 29 days. 

Bailey, Joseph. Private, Capt. Robert Smith's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment 
of guards ; enlisted Feb. 19, 1778 ; discharged April 26, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 7 
days, at Boston and Dorchester, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bailey, Joseph, NatTck. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; service on an alarm at Rhode Island in Dec, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 22, 1779 ; 
service, 25 days. 

Bailey, Joseph. Boy, " Lincoln Galley," commanded by Capt. John Curtis; engaged 
June 1, 1781 ; discharged June 25, 1781 ; service, 24 days. 

Bailey, Joseph, Westminster. Private, Capt. "William Warner's (6th) co.. Col. 
Thomas Marshall's regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; 
reported died July 10, 1778; also, 3d co., 10th regt.; return of men in service, 
15 mos. 27 da.ys [year not given] . 

Bailey, Joseph, Lancaster (also given Roxbury). Private, Capt. John Jones's co.. 
Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days ; also, certificate dated July 1, 1775, stating that said 
Bailey lost articles at Bunker Hill June 17, 1775 ; also, Capt. Samuel Foster's co., 
Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; residence, Roxbury; enlisted for town of Rox- 
burj-; mustered by Col. Barber [year not given]; also, Corporal, Capt. Job 
Sumner's CO., Col. Greaton's regt.; Continental Armj- pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 6 mos. as Private, 6 mos. 
as Corporal. 

Bailey, Joshua. Steward, "Lincoln Galley," commanded by Capt. John Curtis; 
engaged March 19, 1781 ; discharged July 23, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 4 daj^s. 

Bailey, Joshva, Jr., AVoolwich. Corporal, Capt. Burnam's co., Col. Michael Jack- 
son's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 2, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Ipswich; also, Capt. John Bailey's co.. Col. 
Jackson's regt. ; service from March 15 to May 26, 1777. 

Bailey, Joshua, Jr., Marlborough. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
17yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Marlborough ; arrived 
at Springfield July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Thomas Pritchard. 

Bailey, Josiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Noyes's co. ; enlisted July 13, 1775; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 3 days, at Falmouth. 

Bailey, Josiah, Woolwich. Private, Capt. Pool's (Independent) co. ; return of men 
in service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 23 yrs. 

Bailey, Josiah, Woolwich. Capt. McCobb's oo.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, July 26, 1775; also, Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 9, 1775; service, 1 mo. 24 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. 
Bancroft's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from March 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Ipswich; also. 
Private, Capt. John Bailey's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; service from March 10, 
1777, to May 26, 1777; also. Sergeant, Capt. John Wiley's co., Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; return dated April 9, 1779; enlistment, 3 years. 



458 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bailey, London. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. CoL John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated \Vest Point; enlistment, during war ; also, 
muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill. 

Bailey, Loiiixg. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Iliiiirhaiii) co., Col. Solomon 
Lovell's regt. ; service from March 1.5 to March IG, 1776, 1 day, at Hingham. 

Bailey, Lovis, Haverhill. Private, Capt. llichard Ayer's co., Col. Johnson's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Bailey, Luther, Hanover. Corporal, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 177"); service, 11 days; also, Adjutant, 
Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 177') ; also, Capt. Josiah 
Hayden's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; muster roll for 61 days from Sept. 1 [year 
not given], dated Camp at Koxbury; enlisted April 19, 177'); also. Captain, 2d 
Plj'inouth Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. Line; commissioned Aug. 11, 1777; 
also. Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also. Adjutant ; order for clothing dated Camp 
at White Plains, Aug. 19, 1778; also, return of officers dated Dorchester, Sept. 28, 
1778; also, return for clothing dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778; also, list of officers in 
need of clothing dated Dorchester, Oct. 22, 1778; also, Captain; list of officers 
dated Boston, May 19, 1779; also, list of settlements of rank of Continental officers 
made at West Point hy a board held for the purpose and confirmed by Congress 
Sept. 6, 1779; also, Lieut. Col. Ezra Badlam's (2d) regt.; return of officers dated 
Boston, Dec. 7, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, pay abstract for 3 mos. service dated Boston, May 
10, 1781 ; ordered l)y Col. John Crane of Mass. artillery to march to camp with 
recruits ; also, petition dated House of Representatives, Jan. 29, 1782, signed by 
said Bailey and others, asking for clothing; allowed Fel). 1, 1782. 

Bailey, Moses, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177."), to Cambridge ; service, 1^ days. 

Bailet, Moses. Sergeant, Capt. John Abbot's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
30, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. John Abljott's (11th) co., 4th Essex Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned Oct. 7, 1779. 

Bailey, Nathan, Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177"), to Cambridge ; service, 1.^ days. 

Bailey, Nathan. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Scott's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt.; 
service, 2 days, from Sept. 10, 1777, guarding and retaking a mast-ship in Sheep- 
scot River ; also, Capt. Timothy Heald's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
July 2"), 1779 ; discharged Sept. 25, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 1 day, on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Bailey, N.\thaniel. Private, Capt. James Hosley's co. of volunteers. Col. Jonathan 
Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 9, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 15 
days; company raised in Townsend, Pep])erell and Ashby to reinforce army 
under Maj. Gen. Gates ; reported formerly Sergeant in local militia. 

Bailey, Noah, Natick (also given Sudljury and Stow) . Private, Capt. Gardner's co., 
Col. Rufus Putnam's (")th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated West 
Point, Jan. 10, 1781; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; hair, 
dark; eyes, dark; residence, Sudbury; enlisted l)y Col. Putnam March 20, 1779; 
rank. Private; joined Capt. Trotter's co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, during 
war. 

Bailet, Noah, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 23 yrs. ; 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 459 

Bailey, Noah, continued. 

stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; residence, Haverhill; arrived at Spring- 
field Oct. 4, 1780 ; marched to camp Oct. 26, 1780, under command of Lieut. Gary ; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Haverhill for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 29, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 13, 1780 ; 
service, 5 mos. 26 days. 

Bailey, Oliver, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted Mayo, 1777; discharged July 6, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 days, 
at Rhode Island; also, Corporal, Capt. Hodges's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bailey, Paul. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth 
Co.) regt. ; service, la days, in Dec, 1776 ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm. 
Roll dated Scituate. 

Bailey, Peince, Hanover. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d 
Plymouth Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; joined Capt. Seth Drew's co.. Col. John 
Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; age, 28 yrs.; also. Private, 5th co., Col. 
Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 27, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Drew's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; return dated Camp 
at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778 ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 27, 1780. 

Bailey, Richard, HoUis. Capt. Archelaus Towne's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) 
regt.; receipt for advance pa.v dated Cambridge, July 6, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 20, 1775. 

Bailey, Richard. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Scott's (3d) co., 2d Lincoln Co. regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Aug. 23 (also given July 23), 1776; 
also, Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt. ; service, 2 days, from Sept. 10, 
1777, defending and retaking a mast-ship in Sheepscot River; also, Capt. Timothy 
Heald's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; enlisted June 30, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 25, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 27 days, on Penobscot expedition. 

Bailey, Robert. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. AVilliam Harris's (also given Holmes's) 2d co., 
4th Cumberland Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Sept., 
1777; also, Capt. Harris's co., Col. Pike's (Cumberland Co.) regt.; pay roll for 
service from Sept. 27, 1779, to Oct. 23, 1779, 26 days, at Falmouth. 

Bailey, Samuel. Capt. Benjamin Walker's co., Col. Bridge's regt. ; order for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 6, 1775. 

Bailey, Samuel, Rowley. Fifer, Capt. Thomas Mighill's (1st) co.. Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 23, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; also, company return dated Sewall's 
Point, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, return for Jan., 1776. 

Bailey, Samuel, Weymouth. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., Col. David Cush- 
ing's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 20, 1777 ; roll made up to March 1, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 
10 days, at Fort Hill, Boston, with Maj. Edward Procter's detachment of guards. 

Bailey, Samuel, Woolwich. Private, Capt. Pool's (Independent) co. ; return of men 
in service at Hull March 1, 1777 ; age, 16 yrs. 

Bailey, Samuel, Weston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; Capt. 
Broad's co., Col. BuUard's regt.; age, 26 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; residence, 
Weston. 



460 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bailey, Samuel. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; 
return of men in service at Rhode Island, dated Little Conipton, April 10, 1779 
(service probably 5 or 6 mos. by statement of Israel Fisher, who furnished the 
return). 

Bailey, Samvel. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Vinson's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 20, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at North River; 
regiment raised in Essex and Suffolk counties. 

Bailey, Samvel. Sergeant, Lieut. William Burbeck's co.. Col. John Hancock's regt. ; 
pay rolls for service from Jan. 5, 1780, to Oct. 24, 1781, 19 mos. 21 days, at Castle 
and Governor's Islands ; reported promoted from Private Nov. 1, 1780 ; also, Capt. 
Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay rolls for service from Oct. 2"), 1781, to Oct. 24, 1783, 
24 mos., at Castle and Governor's Islands; also, warrant to pay officers and men 
for service at Castle and Governor's Islands prior to Jan. 24, 1784; also, paj' roll 
for service from April 2"), 1785, to Oct. 24, 1785, 6 mos., at Castle and Governor's 
Islands ; also, warrants to pay officers and men for service at the Castle from Oct. 
25, 1785, to Jan. 24, 1786, and from April 25 to July 25, 1780. 

Bailey, Sajivkl, Framingham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; 
age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in.; complexion, light; hair, gray; eyes, brown; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Framingham; enlisted Feb. 2, 1782; enlistment, 
3 years; also. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(late Nixon's) 6th regt. ; return for June-Dec, 1782; time allowed from Feb. 2, 
1782; also, Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; return for June- 
Dec, 1782; reported received from 6th co. 

Bailey, Samuel, Jr., Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 1^ days; also, Capt. Charles 
Furbush's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt.; order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Andover, Aug. 8, 1776; service and death at Bunker Hill 
certified by Capt. Furbusli. 

Bailey, Seth, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's (North) co., 2d Plymouth Co. 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Marshfield; service, 3 days. 

Bailey, Seth. Private, Capt. Lemuel Curtis's co., Col. Anthonj- Thomas's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; marched to Cohasset March 5, 1776, on an alarm; service, 4 days. 
Roll dated Hanover. 

Bailey, Seth, Bridgewater. Sergeant, Capt. Eliakim Howard's co.. Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt. ; marched to Braintree Neck March 4, 1776 ; service, 6 days. 

Bailey, Shubaei,. Private, Capt. Thomas Cowdin's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army at New York. 

Bailey, Shubael, Leominster. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 9 in.; "complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Leom- 
inster; enlisted Jan. 15 (also given 25), 1781; joined Capt. Kufus Lincoln's CO., 
Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. 
Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781 ; also, 
muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated AVest Point; also, list of men court-martialled ; 
tried Nov. 11, 1782, by regimental court-martial, Capt. King, President, for 
absence without leave; punishment referred to the commander; reported par- 
doned ; also, list of men discharged ; discharged June 16, 1783, by Gen. Washing- 
ton, having procured a man to serve in his place. 

Bailey, Silas, Bolton. Private, Capt. Artemas How's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 daj's. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 461 

Bailey, Silas, Jr., Bolton. Private, Capt. Artemas How's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 24 days; also, receijit for wages for Oct. and 
Nov., dated Bolton, Det. 4, 1776, given to Capt. Jonathan Houghton; a/.so, 2d 
Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Marion's (8th) co., Col. Josiah 'Whitney's (2d Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 17, 1779. 

Bailey, Spencer. Private, Capt. John Savory's co. ; enlistedNov. 30, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 4, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; detachment from 2d Foot co. of Bradford ; marched 
for defence of Cape Ann. 

Bailey, Stephex, Bolton. Private, Capt. Artemas How's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days. 

Bailey, Stephen, Fitchburg. Private, Capt. John Fuller's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
i day. 

Bailey, Stephen, Leominster. Private, Lieut. Amos Fairbanks's co., Col. Job Cush- 
ing'sregt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 5 days. 

Bailey, Stephen, Fitchbtirg. Private, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co. ; enlisted June 26, 
1778 ; pay roll dated Middleton, R. I., Aug. 27, 1778. 

Bailey, Stephen. Capt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers, acting as Ijoatmen ; service, 24 
days, from Aug. 8, 1778. 

Bailey, Thaddeus, Pownalborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Scott's co., Col. Joseph 
North's regt. ; service, 3 days, from Sept. 10, 1777, defending and retaking a mast- 
ship in Sheepscot River; also, list of men mustered in Lincoln Co. to march to 
Providence to reinforce Col. Wade's and Col. Jacobs's regts., as returned by 
Brig. Charles Cushing, Aug. 20, 1778 ; Col. North's (2d) regt. ; enlisted July 6, 
1778; also, Private, Capt. Timothy Heald's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; 
enlisted June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 27 days, on 
Penobscot expedition. 

Bailey, Thomas, Braintree. Private, Capt. John Vinton's (Grenadier) co., Col. Ben- 
jamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 
days. 

Bailey, Thomas. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship " Lord 
Sandwich" and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Bailey, Thomas, Manchester. Private, Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported deserted Jan., 1780. 

Bailey, Thomas, Jr. Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported 
retired Jan. 1, 1781. 

Bailey, Timothy, Kinderhook. Private, Capt. Joseph Stebbins's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 16, 1775; service, 
16 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bailey, Timothy, Bolton. Corporal, Capt. Ai-temas How's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Bailey, Timothy. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. David Moore's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hal- 
let's regt.; enlisted June 29, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 4 mos. 7 
days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army; reported entered service Aug. 1, 1780. 

Bailey, Tom. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; en- 
listed July 8, 1778; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at 
East Greenwich; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll dated North 
Kingston, Nov. 6, 1778. 



462 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bailey, William, Andover. Capt. Charles Furbush's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
legt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridsre, June 30, 1775 ; also, Private ; 
muster roll dated Au?. 1, 177.t; enlisted May 27, 177"); service, 2 mos. 10 days: 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 
21, 1775. 

Bailey, William, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of 
men in service at Hull, March 1, 1777 ; age, 15 yrs. ; stature, ft. 

Bailey, AVilliam, Rowley. Private, Capt. Silas Adams's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
pay roll for 2 mos. service dated June 29, 1777. 

Bailey, William. Capt. Amos Lincoln's (10th) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; list 
of men who received bounty for 8 mos. service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

Bailey, William, Falmouth. Private, Capt. Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(15th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; also, Colonel's co., Col. Tupper's regt.; muster roll for March, 1779, 
dated West Point ; enlisted Dec. 27, 1776 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on com- 
mand at the Lines. 

Bailey, William. Drummer, Capt. William North's (1st) co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
(16th) regt. ; pay roll for service from May 31 to Aug. 1, 1780, 2 mos. 

Bailey, William. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
(Essex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
14 days; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bailey, William. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to- reinforce Continental Army. 

Bailey, William. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Sept. 18, 1780; service, 7 mos. 17 days; reported captured May 5, 1781. 

Bailey, William, Falmouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Pride's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's 
(Cumberland Co.) regt.; enlisted May 14, 1780; discharged Dec. 6, 1780; service, 
6 mos. 22 days, at the Eastward; enlistment, 8 months. 

Bailey, William, Jr. Private, Capt. William Crocker's co.. Col. Mitchell's regt.; 
pay rolls for service from July 6, 1776, to Nov. 23, 1776, 4 mos. 19 days, at Fal- 
mouth, Cumberland Co. 

Bailey, Woodbvry. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; service from July 2, 1778, to July 12, 1778, 10 days, at Cambridge. 
[See Woodbridge Bayley.] 

Bailies, Hodijah. Major, Artillery artificers' regt., and Aide-de-camp to Gen. Lincoln ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bailies, Londox. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., I>ieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for July, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Bailies, Robert, Northborough. Private, Capt. Dow's co., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 11, 1780; also. 
Corporal, Col. Bigelow's regt.; statement of Continental balances; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Bailis, London. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Bailis, Robert, Northborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental .\rmy from 
Capt. Timothy Brigham's co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 14, 1778; joined 
Capt. Daniel Barnes's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; enlistment to expire 
July 3, 1780; also, Private, Capt. Barnes's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; Continental 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 463 

Bailis, Robert, continued. 

Army pay accounts for service from July 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster 
roll dated Van Schaick's Island, 8ept. 1, 1777; also, muster roll for March and 
April, 1779, dated Providence; reported sick in general hospital. 

Bailis, Robert. Private, Capt. Francis Green's cc, Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated Garrison at AVest Point; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, muster roll for June, 1781, dated Camp Phillipsl)urKh; reported on command 
at AVest Point; also, muster roll for July, 1781; reported on command at West 
Point; also, muster rolls for Auix. and Sept., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill ; re- 
ported on command at AVest Point in Aug. ; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, and Jan., Feb. and March, 1782, dated York Hutts ; enlisted April 22, 1781. 

Baily, Andrew, Peterborough. Corporal Capt. Scott's co., Col. Sargent's (28th) 
regt. ; muster roll dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baily, Benjamin, Dartmouth. Fifer, Lieut. Robert Earl's co., Col. John Ilathaway's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island May 1, 1777 ; service, 13 da3-s. 

Baily, Benjamin, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 6 days. 

Baily, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited 
to town of Bolton ; also, Capt. AVellington's co.. Col. Smith's regt. ; service to 
Nov. 1, 1778 ; also, Capt. Smith's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Providence, May 5, 1779. 

Baily, Daniel. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 30, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 months ; stationed at West Point ; company 
detached from Col. Dana's regt. to reinforce Continental Army ; reported deserted. 

Baily-, Ebenezer. Capt. Gates's co. ; receipt for mileage, etc., from Albany home, 
dated Marlborough, March 14, 1777. 

Baily, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Keith's co.. Col. Cotton's regt.; service from 
Sept. 2o, 1777, to Oct. 30, 1777, 1 mo. 5 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a 
secret expedition. 

Baily, Ebenezer, Bolton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baily, Ebenezer, Bridgewater. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Bridgewater for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 10, 
1780; discharged Dec. 23, 1780; service, 5 mos. 25 days, at AVest Point. 

Baily, Edward, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 6 days. 

Baily, Elijah. Private, Capt. James Cooper's co., Col. AAllliam Shepard's regt.; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated AA^est Point; enlisted Jan. 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 
during war; also, Capt. Lebbeus Drew's co.. Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster 
roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster roll for 
Aug., 1781; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781, and Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Baily, Frye. List of men in Col. AA'heelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Sept. 24, 1776; rank. Ensign; (late) Col. Badlam's regt.; reported 
discharged. 

Baily, Isaac, Lunenburg. Private, Capt. Haskell's co., Col. AA'hitcorab's (23d) regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baily, Israel, Stoughton. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; reported promoted 
to Sergeant, Jan. 1, 1777. 



464: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Baily, John. Private, Cai)t. Jacob Ilaskins's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Liirlit Iiifantr}) 
regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Jnly 28. 1779; discharged Jan. 31, 
1780; service, 6 mos. G days. 

Bailt, Joskph. Bombardier, Capt. Badlam's co., Col. Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; 
company return dated lloxbury Camp, June 23, 1775; reported enlisted June 8, 
1775, from Capt. Lothrop's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. 

Bailt, Josepji, 'Westminster. Private, 3d co., Col. Marshall's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from March 13, 1777, to July 10, 1778; reported 
died July 10, 1778. 

Baily, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted 
July 13, 1779; discharged Dec. 22, 1779; service on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Baily, Josiha. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster. In a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780. 

Bailt, Joshua, Marlborough. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bailt, Jrxiis. Private, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; 
muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated AVest Point; enlisted June 7, 1778; enlistment, 9 
months. 

Bailt, Oliver. Private, Capt. Ebenczer Newell's co.. Col. Keyes's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 12, 1777 ; bounty allowed for service from Dec. 12, 1777, to Jan. 4, 1778, 23 
days; also, muster roll dated Providence, Dec. 22, 1777. 

Bailt, Samuel, Rowley. Fifer, Capt. Robert Dodge's co.. Col. EI)enezer Francis's 
regt. ; service, 2 days ; marched to camp and home again ; roll sworn to Nov. 
29^, 1776. 

Bailt, Stephen. Private, Lieut. Amos Fairbanks's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 6, 1777; marched Sept. 8, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 
3 mos. 5 days, under Brig. Gen. Wadsworth ; company drafted from militia to 
reinforce Continental Army at the Northward. 

Bailt, Thomas. List of men engaged for Continental service [year not given] ; enlisted 
for town of Braintree ; joined Capt. Niles's co., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; 
reported a transient. 

Bain, Barnabas. List of deserters from Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt., dated Jan. 
25, 1781; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, Ijlack; occu- 
pation, farmer; enlisted Feb. 5, 1777; enlistment, during war; deserted April 3, 
1777 ; reported a foreigner. 

Bain, Daniel, Old York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Bainester, Jasher, Brookfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Danforth's 
CO., Col. Rice's regt.; age, 27 yfs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; occu- 
pation, farmer; residence, Brookfield ; enlisted Jan. 23, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baird, . [This name also appears under the form of Bard, Bards, Beard, Bird.] 

Baird, Daniel, Worcester. Capt. Edward Crafts's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, Sergeant ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 8 weeks; reported 
discharged June 29, 1775; also, certificate of service in support of an order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Jan. 2, 177(5 ; also, Capt. 
William Todd's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; return dated Boston, Dec. 16, 1776. 

Baird, Daniel. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's co. ; service, 5 days, agreeable to 
resolve of Sept. 23, 1777; inarched to Bennington on an alarm. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 465 

Baiiu), James. Seaman; list of prisoners to be received in exchanfre for British pris- 
oners sent to Halifax in the cartel " Swift," dated Oct. 9, 1777 ; reported exchanired 
for James Riponhaiu. 

Baird, Jamks. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloper's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) legt.; 
enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 26 days, at Claverack; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Baird, James, Jr. Private, Capt. William Knox's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; 
marched to Ticonderoga to reinforce Continental Army Oct. 21, 1770; service, 28 
days, under Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson. lloU sworn to at Blandford. 

Baird, John, Rehoboth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Jonathan Glover's (r)th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777 ; residence, Rehoboth ; 
enlisted for town of Marblehead; joined Col. William Lee's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Baird, John, Boston (also given Philadelphia). Private, Major's co.. Col. Wesson's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to July 1, 
1778; reported died July 1, 1778; reported mustered to serve in Capt. Pettingill's 
CO., Col. Wesson's regt. 

Baird. John. Private, Capt. Levi Ely's CO., Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted Aug, 
9, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1780 ; service, 2 mos. 21 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Baird, Joseph, Blandford. Private, Capt. John Ferguson's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt., which marched April 20, 177"), in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Blandford and Murrayfield ; service, 10 days ; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 1 day. 

Baird, Nathaniel. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's flOth) regt ; enlisted May 1, 
1781 ; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 20 mos. 

Bairs, Daniel, Egg Harbor. Sailor, brig "Lexington," commanded by Capt. David 
Smith, Jr. ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 2, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; residence. Egg Harbor. 

Bait, Ambrose. Private, Capt. Raymond DeGuiscard's co. ; warrant to pay officers 
and men dated April 24, 1782. 

Baites, Benjamin, Salem. Matross, Capt. Samuel Trevett's co.. Col. Richard Grid- 
ley's regt.; muster roll dated June 21, 1775; enlisted June 8, 1775; service, 
13 days. 

Baites, Clement, Scituate. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May 15, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 
2 mos. 16 days; also, pay roll for Nov., 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

Baites, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Boston, Aug. 14, 1778 ; drafted July 29, 1778, for 6 weeks. 

Baites, David, Jr., Sutton. Private, Capt. James Greenwood's co.. Col. Learned's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury; service, 2 days. 

Baites, Seth, Scituate. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted May 15, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 
16 days. 

Baits, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. John Dickinson's regt. ; 
marched to Bennington Aug. 17, 1777, on an alarm ; discharged Aug. 22, 1777 ; 

service, 8 days. 

Baits, Clement. List of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of 
wages, dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776. 



466 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baits, John, Portsmouth. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " America," 
commanded by Capt. John Somes, dated June 9, 1780; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
5 in. ; residence, Portsmouth. 

Baits, Joseph. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; enlisted April 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 
years ; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, sworn to at West Point. 

Baits, Seth. List of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of wages, 
dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Baits, Theodore, Athol. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baitts, Josei'h. Private, Capt. Joshua Tobey's co. ; enlisted July 21, 1775; service, 
5 mos. 23 days. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Baitts, Joseph. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1782, sworn to at West Point; enlisted April 20, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Baitts, Samiel. Private, Capt. Joshua Tobey's co. ; enlisted July 21, 1775; service, 
5 mos. 23 days. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Baizox, Samvee, Salem. Cooper, brig " Prospect," commanded by Capt. Joseph Vesey ; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 20, 1781 ; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 
ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; occupation, cooper; residence, Salem. 

Bakak, RiFvs. Private, Capt. James Hill's co.. Col. Williams's regt. ; pay roll for 
service from Sept. 29, 1777, to Oct. 30, 1777, at Tiverton, R. I. Roll sworn to at 
Rehoboth. 

Bakex, Daxiee. Lieutenant, Capt. Lemuel Stewart's co. ; enlisted May 3, 1775; 
returned May 23, 1775; service, 25^ days; marched on an expedition against 
Ticonderoga and Crown Point. 

Baken, Josiah. Private, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 11, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 9, 1778 ; service, 4 mos., at Cam- 
bridge. Roll dated Lancaster. 

Baken, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Seth Clark's co., Barnstable Co. regt. ; enlisted 
July 1, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days. 

Baker, . [This name also appears under the form of Baaker, Bacer, Backer, 

Bacor, Baiker, Bakar, Bakor, Barker, Boker, Buker, Parker.] 

Baker, , Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co., Col. Joseph Otis's 

regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshlield; service, 2 
days. 

Baker, , Scituate. Sergeant, Capt. S. Nelson's co., Col. Aaron Willard's regt.; 

pay abstract for travel allowance from Scituate to Skeenslwrough via No. 4 or 
Charlestown, dated Boston, Jan., 1777; n/,fo, pay abstract for travel allowance 
from Fort Edward to Scituate via All)any, dated Jan. 28, 1777. 

Baker, , Dorchester. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. Tyler's regt. ; service, 

20 days, in Dec, 1779, at Rhode Island. 

Baker, . Quartermaster, Col. Armand's independent corps ; list of officers entitled 

to draw clothing, agreeable to resolve of Aug. 23, 1779. 

Baker, . Captain, 7th co., 27th regt.; return of officers [year not given]. 

Baker^ -in, Dorcliester. Sergeant, Capt. Oliver Billings's and Lieut. Lemuel Clap's 
CO., Col. Lemuel Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 5 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 467 

Baker, Aaron, Pittsfield. Capt. William Francis's co. ; list of men who went to Still- 
water Sept. 30, 1777, and were dismissed Oct. 10, 1777; service, 1 week 4 days. 

Baker, Abel, Walpole. Private, Capt. Sabin Man's co.. Col. Greaton's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Bakeb, Abel, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Anthony Thomas's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 3 days; also, Capt. Freedom Chamberlain's co.. Gen. John Thomas's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Baker, Abel, MarshfieJd. Private, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. John Cushing's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm to Rhode Island Sept. 21, 1776; service, 2 mos. 

Baker, Abel, Wrentham. Bombardier, Capt. Perez Cushing's (9th) co., Col. Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for travel allowance from Wrentham to camp at Boston, 
sworn to Dec. 7, 1776; also, pay rolls for service from Nov. 9, 1776, to May 8, 
1777, 5 mos. 28 days. 

Baker, Abel, Bolton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; Capt. 
Nurse's (also given Capt. Houghton's) co., Col. Whitney's regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; residence, Bolton. 

Baker, Abel. Corporal, Capt. Luke Wilder's co., Col. Samuel Denney's (2d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 27, 1779; roll made up to Dec. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at 
Claverack. Roll dated Albany. 

Baker, Abel. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's regt.; received 
orders to march on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 3, 1780; arrived in camp 
Aug. 5, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 7 days. 

Baker, Abel, Whately. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; list of deserters dated 
Camp Ten Eyck, Aug. 27, 1780; deserted May 20, 1777, from Capt. Daniels's co.; 
rank. Private. 

Baker, Abijah. Private, Capt. Asa Fairbank's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Sept. 30, 1777; roll made up to Oct. 31, 
1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days. Roll dated Wrentham. 

Baker, Abijah, Chatham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Chatham ; arrived at Springfield 
July 24, 1780; marched to camp July 24, 1780, under command of Capt. Soper; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Chatham for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 13, 1780; discharged Jan. 14, 1781 ; 
service, 6 mos. 15 days. 

Baker, Abner. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Baker, Abner, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 7 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 11, 1775; also, Capt. Isaac 
Wood's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm 
at Rhode Island July 20, 1777 ; roll made up to Aug. 27, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 6 days ; 
also, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; marched on an 
alarm at Dartmouth May 6, 1778; discharged May 7, 1778; service, 2 days; also, 
pay roll for service from Sept. 5 to Sept. 11, 1778, 6 days, on an alarm at Dart- 
mouth; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. in 1779; age, 24 



468 MASSACHL'SETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bakeu, Ahnku, continued. 

yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark ; residence, Rochester; delivered to 
Capt. L. Bailey; also, Capt. Pope's co., Col. "William Shepard's {4th) regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged April 20, 1780; enlistment, 9 months; also, 
descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 
6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 2.') yrs. ; stature, f) ft. 9 in.; 
complexion, ruddy; residence, Rochester; arrived at Springtield July 23, 1780; 
marched to camp July 23, 1780, under command of Capt. John Williams; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 
having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2"), 1780; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Rochester for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780; marched July 16, 1780; discharged Dec. 12, 1780; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 10 days. 

Baker, AiiKAiiAji. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co., Col. John Waterman's regt ; 
service from Jan. 9 to Feb. 3, 1777, 2G days; also, receipt for wages dated War- 
wick, 1777. 

Baker, Abraham. Musician, Capt. Thomas Rice's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt.; 
service, 30 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Baker, Absolom, Williamstown. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., which marched 
April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 177.'); service, 14 days; also, 
Capt. Sloan's co.. Col. John Patterson's (26th) regt. ; order for advance pay dated 
Camp at Cambridge, June 6, 177'); also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 5, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charles- 
town, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Baker, Absolom. Sergeant, Capt. Israel Harris's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched to the Northward on an alarm by order of Gen. 
Fellows Oct. 26, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1780 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Alexander. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and al)out Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, l)y order of Coun- 
cil of May 12, 1777. 

Baker, Allex, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Moses Jewett's troop of horse, Col. John 
Baker's (3d) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford; 
service, 3 days. 

Baker, Amos, Wrentham. Corporal, Capt. Ebenezer Pond's co., Maj. Metcalf's regt. ; 
marched to Providence and Warwick, R. I., Dec. 8, 1776, on an alarm; service, 
24 days. 

Baker, Amos, Lincoln. Private, Capt. John Hartwell's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt.; service, 5 days; company called out March 4, 1776, to fortify Dorchester 
Hills; also, Capt. Moses Harrington's co., Col. Dike's regt.; return of men in 
service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Baker. Amos. Private, Capt. George Minot's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo. 24 days, in Northern 
department. 

Baker, Amos. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; enlisted 
Nov. 3, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 5 mos., at Cambridge. 

Baker, AxnuKw. Seaman, ))rigantine " Independence," commanded bj- Capt. Simeon 
Sampson; engaged Aug. 23, 1776; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1777; service, 4 mos. 
7 days; also, roll dated Plymouth, Sept. 23, 1776; also, pay roll for 2 mos. 25 days 
service from Jan. 1, 1777; also. Council warrant dated Council Chamber, Fel). 21, 
1778, drawn for four i)ounds to be jmid said Baker for 2 months pension from Dec. 
19, 1777, to Feb. 19, 1778; reported wounded on brigantine " Independence." 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 469 

Bakkk, Axthoxy. Private, Capt. Elihu Gilford's co., Col. Turner's regt. ; enlisted 
July 26, 1781; discharged Xov. 27, 1781; service on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
regiment raised in Bristol and Barnstable counties ; enlistment, .5 months; also, 
certificate of service signed by Capt. Gitford, dated Dartmouth, Feb. IG, 1785. 

Bakek, Asa. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co. of volunteers, Col. John Baker's 

(3d Essex Co.) regt. ; return of men in service April 17, 1775. 

Bakek, Asa, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Ross Wyman's (Artillery) co.. Col. Jona- 
than Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 9 days; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service,! mo. 21 days; reported enlisted 
in the train; o^iTi, Matross, Capt. Samuel Gridley's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 16, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 8 days; also, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, Aug. 5, 1775; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Nov. 6, 1775. 

Baker, Asa, Enlistment agreement dated April 26, 1775, signed by said Baker and 
others, engaging themselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775; Capt. Stearns's Co., Col. 
Doolittle's regt. 

Baker, Asa. Capt. Job Sumner's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; muster return 
[year not given] ; reported deserted. 

Baker, Baezillai. Private, Capt. John Russell's co., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1776 ; rolls made up to Nov. 22, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at 
Martha's Vineyard. 

Baker, Barzillai, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Baker, Barzillai. Private, Capt. Job Crocker's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted July 1, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1777 ; service, 5 mos. 19 days, at Rhode 
Island and sundry places in Massachusetts. 

Baker, Bexet, Barnstable. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 39 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, farmer; enlisted April 
2, 1781 ; residence, Barnstable ; joined Capt. Hastings's co., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Hastings's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's 
regt. ; list of men furloughed; leave given by Col. Vose to go from New Windsor 
to Barnstable Feb. 14, 1783, for 54 days ; overstayed 4 days. 

Baker, Bexet (also given Bexxt and Bixxet) , Barnstable. Descriptive list of enlisted 
men ; age, 30 3ts. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; occupation, 
laborer; residence, Barnstable ; enlisted April 2, 1781 ; joined Capt. Joseph Bates's 
CO., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. 
Bates's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West 
Point ; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, 
dated Camp at Peekskill; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; also, muster roll for 
Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts; reported taken prisoner at Croton River, 
Oct. 17, 1781 ; exchanged June 20, 1782. 

Baker, Benjamix, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. Artemas 
AV'ard's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 10 days. 

Baker, Bexjamix, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co.. Col. Joseph 
Otis's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
2 days. 



470 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. James Davis's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1775; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, on the sea coast. Roll dated 
Barnstable. 

Baker, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Dana's co.. Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt. ; 
marched to Roxbury March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 days. Roll sworn to in Middle- 
sex Co. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Aaron Charles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 
1777; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; enlistment to expire Marcli 25, 1777; reported on 
duty. 

Baker, Benja.min. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 23 days; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army at Ticonderoga. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Col. Joab Stafford's Independent co. of volunteers; 
marched Aug. 14, 1777; service, 6 days; fouglit in battle near Bennington Aug. 
16, 1777; company raised in New Providence, Lanesborough, East Hoosuck and 
Gage borough. 

Baker, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. William Douglas's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 20, 1777 ; service, 
7 days, at Bennington. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Marsh's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days; company raised to 
reinforce Northern army. Roll dated Haverhill. 

Baker, Benjamin, Dartmouth. Private, Cai)t. Jonathan Daiifortb's co.. Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 7, 1775; service, 1 
mo. 3 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, descriptive list of 
men enlisted from Bristol Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their 
arrival at Fishkill, July 23, 1778; 5th co. ; age, 40 .vrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; com- 
plexion, dark ; residence, Dartmouth ; reported not mustered. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. James Berry's co.. Col. Tliomas Poor's regt.; en- 
listed July 20, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 6 mos. 21 days; also, pay 
roll for Sept., 1778. dated Fort Clinton; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, 
dated King's Ferry. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Dartmouth, Bedford and Falmoutli Sept. 6, 1778; service, 5 days; 
also, Cai)t. Nathaniel Lothrop's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 2 days, guard- 
ing men from the ♦' Somerset" from Barnstable to Plymouth; roll dated Nov. 9, 
1778. 

Baker, Benjamin. List of men who were ordered by Council to do duty in the 1st 
CO. of Shrewsbury, dated Dec. 3, 1778. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. ; marched on an alarm at Fal- 
mouth Sept. 13, 1779; discharged Sept. 17, 1779; service, 5 days; company de- 
tached from militia. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Job Cook's (16th) co.. Col. Hathaway's (2d Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 7, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 2 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; reported marched on a secret expedition. Roll sworn to 
at Dartmouth. 

Baker, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ezra "Whipple's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; marched to Castleton l)y order of Gen. Fellows Oct. 14, 1780, on 
an alarm ; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, 5 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 471 

Baker, Benoni. Matross, Capt. Micah Hamlen's (Artillery) co., Col. Freeman's regt.; 
service, 11 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth, Falmouth and Bedford. 

Baker, Benoni, P^astham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, o ft. 2 in. ; complexion, freckled ; residence, Eastham ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 18, 1780; marched to camp July 18, 1780, under command of Joseph 
Brown; also, list of men discharged by order of Council, dated July 26, 1780; 
discharged on account of extreme youth. 

Baker, Benoni. Private, Capt. Elihu Gifford's co.. Col. Turner's regt. ; enlisted July 
19, 1781; discharged Nov. 27, 1781; service on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlist- 
ment, 5 months ;n'egiment raised in Barnstable and Bristol counties. 

Baker, Beriah, North Yarmouth. Capt. John ^Yorthley's co., Col. Edmund Phin- 
ney's (31st) regt.; billeting roll from date of enlistment. May 14, 1775, to date of 
marching to headquarters, July 11, 1775, equivalent to 58 days; also, Private; 
company return dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported 
enlisted May 14, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Baker, Beriah. Receipt for wages for Nov. and Dec, 1775, given to Lieut. Crispus 
Graves, dated Cambridge, Feb. 20, 1776. 

Baker, Beriah. Private, Capt. Abner Cranston's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Feb. 9, 1776; 
reported re-engaged Nov. 13, 1776, in Capt. Blodget's co.. Col. Poor's regt. 

Baker, Beriah, North Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. John Gray's (1st North Yarmouth) co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d 
Cumlierland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; reported joined a regt. of horse; en- 
listment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Crafts's co.. Col. Sheldon's 
regt. of dragoons; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, 
to Nov. 30, 1778. 

Baker, Bethuel, Lanesborough. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. John 
Brown's regt. ; enlisted June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 21, 1777 ; service, 22 days, 
at Fort Ann; also, Capt. Zebulon Xorten's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Jul}' 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 23 days, at 
the Northward; also, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's (6th) co., Col. Simonds's (2d 
Berkshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 25, 
1778; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Asa Barns's (4th) co.. Col. Simonds's regt.; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 8, 1779; also, Capt. Barns's 
CO., Col. Simonds's regt.; marched Oct. 14, 1780; service, 7 days, at the North- 
ward; also, pay roll for 10 days service; marched to the Northward Oct. 26, 
1780, on an alarm. 

Baker, Binney, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Aaron "\Vil- 
lard's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., to Ticonderoga, dated Boston, Jan. 
15, 1777; also, pay abstract for mileage from Fort Edward to Barnstable, dated 
Boston, Jan., 1777. 

Baker, Bradford, Marshtield. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. John 
Bailey's regt.; pay abstract for mileage; reported in Brig. Gen. Thomas's bri- 
gade, Jan. 10, 1776. 

Baker, Bradford. List of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of 
wages, dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Baker, Bradford, Scituate. Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776; also, Private; 
enlisted May 1, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776; service, 6 mos. 



472 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Caleb, Dorchester. List of men engaged for the Continental service from Col. 
Gill's regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Foster's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. 

Baker, Christopher. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; en- 
listment, during war. 

Baker, Cornelius, Rockingham. Private, Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. "VVliitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 10, 1775; service, 1 mo. 24 
days; reported enlisted in the train June 10, 1775; also, Bomljardier, Capt. 
Callender's CO., Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775; enlisted June 10, 1775; service, 1 mo. 24 days; also, Lieut. William 
Perkins's co., Col. Gridley's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Baker, Cornelius, Wenham. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Kimball's co.. Col. John 
Baker's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; 
also, 1st Lieuteiumt, Capt. John Dodge, Jr.'s (6th) co., 3d E^ssex Co. regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. militia, dated Ipswich ; commissioned May 7, 1776 ; also, Capt. 
Dodge's CO., Col. Gerrish's regt.; muster roll for Feb., 1778, dated Winter Hill; 
company detached Nov. 5, 1777, to guard Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

Baker, Cornelius, Lancaster. Corporal, Capt. Job Whipple's co., Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (4th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, 
to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Baker, Cyprian. Private, Capt. Peter AVoodbury's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; marched to Pennington to rein- 
force Gen. Stark. 

Baker, Daniel, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Tliomas Turner's co.. Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which inarched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Daniel, Montague. Private, Capt. Robert Oliver's co., Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, 
from Conway ; service, 15 daj's. 

Baker, Daniel, Dedham. Private, Capt. Aaron Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (1st Parish) ; service, 2 days; also, Capt. 
Aaron Guild's co.. Col. Lemuel Robson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776 ; roll made 
up for 14 days to time of marching ; service at Dorchester Heights ; regiment raised 
in Suffolk and York counties. 

Baker, Daniel, Acton. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; 
called out March 4, 1776, to fortifj' Dorchester Heights ; service, 6 days. 

Baker, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., Col. AVilliam Mcintosh's regt., 
commanded l>y Lieut. Col. Weld; service from Dec. 11 to Dec. 30, 1776, 19 days, 
at Castle Island; reported absent without leave Dec. 26, 1776. 

Baker, Daniel. Private, Capt. Al)el Richards's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.; marched 
to Roxbury and Boston March 23, 1778 ; discharged April 6, 1778 ; service, 15 days. 

Baker, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Everett's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days. 

Baker, Daniel. List of men ordered bj- Council to do duty in the 1st co. of Shrews- 
l)ury, dated Dec. 3, 1778. 

Bakeu, Daniel, Cohasset. Return of men raised agreeal)le to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted Aug. 25, 1781. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 473 

Baker, David, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, David, Roxbury. Corporal, Capt. William Drajier's (2d) co., Col. William 
Heath's re;;t., which marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days; 
also, Capt. Hopestill Hall's co.. Col. Lemuel Robinson's regt.; enlisted Jan. 31, 
1776 ; service, 21 days ; roll dated Dorchester. 

Baker, David. Private, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return of 
men in service from Jan. 27 to March 1, 1777; reported discharged Feb. 15, 1777. 

Bakek, David, Littleton. Private, Capt. Asa Laurance's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 2(5, 1777; discharged Nov. 9, 1777; service, 1 mo. 15 days, 
with army under Gen. Gates ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Mid- 
dlesex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 21, 1778; 3d co., Col. Reed's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; resi- 
dence, Littleton. 

Baker, David. Private, Capt. James Morton's co.. Col. Pierce's regt. ; enlisted March 
3, 1778 ; discharged April 8, 1778 ; service, 36 days, at Governor's Island. 

Baker, David. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an 
alarm. 

Baker, David, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Abraham Wheeler's co.,Col. Lemuel Rob- 
inson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; re- 
ported enlisted into the armj- ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Yose's co., Col. Heath's 
(36th) regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2 ; 
also, Capt. Yose's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 22, 1775; also. Lieutenant, Capt. 
Nathan Dix's co., Col. James AVesson's (9th) regt. ; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 28, 1777; reported resigned Dec. 28, 
1777. 

Baker, David. Capt. Moses Draper's co.. Col. Badlam's regt.; return for clothing 
dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Baker, Ebenezer, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Harwood's CO., Col. Learned's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Baker, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
service, 12 days, in March, 1776 ; company ordered to guard the shore at the 
mouth of Milton River ; roll dated Dorchester ; also, pay roll for 3 days service in 
March, 1776, guarding the Lines near Dorchester Heights ; also, Capt. Seth Sum- 
ner's CO., Col. Gill's regt.; enlisted March 1, 1778; discharged April 4, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Castle Island. 

Baker, Ebenezer. Captain of a company. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched on a secret 
expedition to Tiverton, R. I., Oct. 4, 1777; service, 28 days. 

Baker, Ebenezer. Lieutenant, Capt. Elwnezer Jenkins's co., Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt.; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778; 
service, 11 days; also. Lieutenant in command of a company. Col. Freeman's 
regt. ; service, 8 days, in Sept., 1779, on an alarm at Falmouth. 

Baker, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlen's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 2 days service in Nov., 1778; detached to guard prisoners 
from the " Somerset " from Barnstable to Sandwich and Plymouth; also, Capt. 
Hamlen's co., Lieut. Col. Hallet's regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island 
Aug. 6, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 mos. 28 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. 



47J: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Ebenezer. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Crocker's (2d) co., Barnstable Co. regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 21, 1779. 

Baker, Ebe.vezer. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Shepard's (4tli) rept.; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1779; discharged May 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Baker, Edmoxd (also given Edmund), Haverhill. Descriptive list of enlisted men; 
age, 16yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light; hair, dark; occupation, cord- 
waiuer; residence, Haverhill; rank. Private; enlisted Nov., 1779, by Capt. Dix; 
joined Capt. Blanchard's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, during war; 
also, Capt. Nathan Dix's co., Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Nov. 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. J. Blan- 
chard's CO., Col. Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Baker, Edward, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., wliich marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; nho, Lieutenant, Capt. Elisha 
Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to 
Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Baker, Edward. List of men who re-enlisted for the war between Oct. 22 and Nov. 
24, 1779, and received State and Continental bounties as returned by Maj. Joseph 
Pettengill of 9th Mass. battalion. 

Baker, Ei.dridge. Private, Capt. Micah Chapman's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Eleazer, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., whicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt., 
Gen. Palmer's brigade; marched on a serret expedition to Tiverton, R. I., Sept. 
29, 1777 ; service, 32 days. 

Baker, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged 
Oct. 21, 1777; service, 60 days ; enlistment, 3 months; marched to Manchester, 
Vt., thence to Allington, thence marched to Stillwater liy order of Gen. Lincoln 
and joined Col. John Ashley's regt. ; marched to Bolton's Rill and there served 
until discharged. 

Baker, Eleazer. Private, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Dartmouth May 6, 1778 ; discharged May 7, 1778 ; service, 
2 days; also, payroll for service from Sept. 5 to Sept. 11, 1778, 6 days, on an 
alarm at Dartmouth. Roll sworn to in Plymouth Co. 

Baker, Eleazer. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and l-'almouth on an alarm. 

Baker, Eleazer, Amlierst. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. in 
1779; age, 30yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, dark; residence, Amherst; delivered 
to Lieut. J. Grace ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Baker, Eleazer, Shutesbury. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of G months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 31 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Shutesbury; arrived at 
Springfield July 25, 1780; marched to camp July 25, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Park ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totowaj-, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baker, Eleazer. Col. William Shephard's (4th) regt. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men [year not given] . 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 475 

Baker, Eli. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; marched to Pawlet by order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln Sept. 7, 1777; dis- 
charged Sept. 30, 1777 ; service, 24 days ; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 12 to 
Oct. 19, 1780, 11 days; marched to the Northward on an alarm by order of Gen. 
Fellows ; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 26 to Oct. 27, 1780, 3 days ; marched 
to the Northward on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Baker, Elijah, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wadsworth's co., Col. James 
AVarren's (2d) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.5; service, 3 
days ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Crocker's co., Brig. Gen. Jolm Thomas's regt. ; 
mnster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted April 20, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 weeks, 
5 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Calvin Partridge's (9th) co., 1st Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned June 6, 1776; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Partridge's co., 
Col. Joseph Cushing's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia, dated Hanover, Dec. 
26, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant, 9th co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's (1st Plymouth 
Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Oct. 28, 1778. 

Baker, Elijah, Amherst. Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. B. R. Woodbridge's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, July 27, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, 
company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775; also, Capt. Robert 
Oliver's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from April 1, 1777, to May 1, 1779; reported discharged May 1, 1779. 

Baker, Elijah, Raynham. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. Timothy Walker's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated RoxJjury, Nov. 27, 

1775. 

Baker, Elijah, Amherst. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; enlisted May 25, 1776 ; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776 ; service, 6 mos. 12 days ; 
regiment raised for defence of Boston. 

Baker, Elijah. Private, Capt. John Shaw's co.. Col. Williams's regt. ; service, 7 days, 
in Oct., 1777, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Snow's co., Col. 
Greorge Williams's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 22, 1778 ; service, 23 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Raynhanj to Taunton and served at 
Providence, R. I., in Col. Wade's regt., under Gen. Sullivan. 

Baker, Elijah. Private, Capt. James Endicott's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt.; 
enlisted March 20, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 18 days; marched to 
Roxbury ; roll dated Stoughton, March 12, 1782. 

Baker, Elijah, Partridgefield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as ha\'ing passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baker, Elijah, Chatham. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baker, Elijah. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the towns of Erving and Shutes- 
bury for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 25, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 25, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 9 days. 

Baker, Elijah. Captain, Col. William Turner's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island July 
10, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 24 days. 

Baker, Elijah, Jr., Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Edward Bridge Savel's (1st) co., 
Col. Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 
days; also, Capt. Samuel Payson's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; muster roll 



47G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Elijah, Jr., continued. 

dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 177"); service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dec. 2S), 1775 ; also, Capt. Savell's co., Col. Gill's regt. ; marched 
to Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; also, paj' roll for 2 days 
service from March 2'2, 1776 ; marcJied to Hraintree on an alarm ; also, Capt. Robert 
Swan's CO., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; marched to Bristol April 18, 1777 ; service, 
24 daj's. 

Baker, Eliphalet, Dedham. Corporal, Capt. M'illiam Ellis's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. David 
Fairbanks's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; marched to Roxbury March 4, 1776; ser- 
vice, 4 days. 

Baker, Elisha, Sunderland. Private, Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co.. Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
35 days. 

Baker, Elisha. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
service from Jan. 9 to Feb. 3, 1777, 31 days; also, receipt for wages dated War- 
wick, 1777. 

Baker, Elisha. Lieutenant, Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. B. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 25 days; 
company raised to reinforce Northern army; also, paj' abstract for rations dated 
Camp at Scarsdale, Dec. 7, 1777. 

Baker, Elisha. Private, Capt. Lot Crowell's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; 
service, 3 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Baker, Elisha. Private, Capt. Israel Harris's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched to the Northward on an alarm b}- order of Gen. Fel- 
lows Oct. 12, 1780; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, 11 days; also, payroll for 
service from Oct. 26 to Oct. 28, 1780, 3 days; marched to the Northward on an 
alarm by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Baker, Elisha. Surgeon, Col. Asa Barns's regt.; service from Oct. to Nov., 1781. 

Baker, Elisha. Capt. Henry Porter's co. ; return for clothing [year not given] ; 
endorsed " Northampton co." 

Baker, Elisha, Jr. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 
24 days; marched to Pawlet by order of Maj. Gen. Lincoln. 

Baker, Elisha, Jr. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Symonds's regt.; 
marched from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm ; ser- 
vice, 6 days. 

Baker, Ellis, Roxbury. Capt. John Baker, Jr.'s co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Brookline, July 22, 1775; also, Sergeant; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 days; also, 
Capt. Joseph Pettingill's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; 
comi)any return dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Sei)t. 27, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Sewall's Point, Nov. 19, 1775; also, 
list of men who agreed to serve the month of Jan., dated Sewall's Point, Dec. 
24, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Swan's (1st) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 9, 1776; also, 
pay rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos.; Nov. roll dated 
Boston; also, Capt. Philip Marett's (1st) co., Col. Crafts's regt.; pay roll for ser- 
vice between Dec. 1, 1776, and Feb. 1, 1777, 1 mo.; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Gray's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; list of otHcers of Mass. militia ; commis- 
sioned Jan. 1 (also given March 3 and April 18), 1777; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 477 

Baker, Ellis, continued. 

Jonathan W. Edes's (211) co.. Col. Crafts's rei^t. ; pay rolls for service from May 
8, 1777, to Oct. 1, 1777,4 mos. 24 days; also, Captain-Lieutenant, Capt. Perez 
Cushing's (7th) co., Col. Crafts's regt.; pay rolls for service from Sept. 1, 1778, 
to Dec. 31, 1778, 4 nios. ; also, order for rations dated Boston, Dec. 21, 1778 ; also, 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Feb. 26, 1779; 
reported as serving 19 mos. as Lieutenant, 6 mos. 2.'i days as Captain-Lieutenant ; 
also, list of officers whose resignations were accepted in Council, Feb. 26, 1779. 

Bakgh, Enoch, Pittsfield. Capt. William Francis's co. ; list of men who marched to 
Williamstown Sept. 13, 1776, and were dismissed Sept. 21, 1776; service, 8 days; 
also, Lieut. William Baker's co., Col. Simonds's regt. ; list of men wlio marched 
to New York Sept. 30, 1776, and were dismissed Nov. 17, 1776; service, 7 weeks; 
also, Capt. Francis's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's regt.; list of men who marched to 
Fort Edward July 8, 1777, and were dismissed Aug. 26, 1777; service, 7 weeks; 
also. Private, Lieut. Joel Stevens's co., Col. David Rosseter's regt. ; marched on 
an alarm at Fort Edward Oct. 15, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1780 ; ser\ice, 3 days ; 
also, pay roll for service from Oct. 18 to Oct. 21, 1780, 3 days, on an alarm. 

Bakek, Enoch. Capt. King's co., 10th regt.; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged April 
25, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Baker, EsariRE. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co.. Col. Cushing's regt.; pay 
abstract for 16 mos. service at Dorchester, 7 mos. at New York [year not given] ; 
reported as belonging to alarm list. 

Baker, Ezekiel. Private, Capt. John Oliver's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
service from Sept. 28, 1777, to Oct. 18, 1777, 28 days ; marched to reinforce 
Northern army at the reduction of Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

Baker, Ezekiel, Pelham. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to Act of 
June, 1780; Col. Porter's regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 4 ft. 10 in.; complexion, 
light; residence, Pelham; mustered by Maj. John Chester Williams; enlistment, 
3 months; also, Private, Capt. Job Alvord's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 16, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 3 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Baker, Ezra, Littleton. Private, Capt. Samuel Reed's co., Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also. Cor- 
poral, Capt. Samuel Gilliert's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; muster roll dated Auc 1, 
1775; enlisted May 19, 1775; service, 74 days; also, companv' return dated Cam- 
bridge, Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Baker, Ezra. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 26, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at New 
London, Conn.; also, Capt. Israel Harris's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched to the Northward on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows 
Oct. 12, 1780; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, 11 days. 

Baker, Francis. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co., Col. Symonds's regt. ; marched 
from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm; service, 6 
days; also, Capt. Timotliy Read's co.. Col. Asa Barns's regt.; marched from 
Lanesl)orough to Stillwater Oct. 13, 1781 ; service, 10 days. 

Baker, George, Dorchester (probably). Corporal, Capt. William Holden's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Preserved Baker, Col. Robinson's regt., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days. 

Baker, George, Westi)orough. Captain of a company which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13^ days. 



478 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, George. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
service, 32 days, l)et\veen Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777; also, Capt. Squire Mil- 
lerd's CO., Col. AVaterraan's regt. ; service, 10 days, between April 6 and April 20, 
1777. 

Baker, George. Private, Capt. Joseph Barns's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aprir26, 1777; discharged May 19, 1777 ; service, 24 days; 
marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Baker, George. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted May 2"), 1779 ; discharged June 25, 1779 ; service, 1 mo., 
at Dorchester Heights; also, pay roll for service from May 1 to July 2, 1780, 2 
mos. 2 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Baker, George, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's cx).. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 19, 1779 ; service, 4 mos. 12 
days; also, pay roll for the month of Dec, 1779; service on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Dorchester for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 1, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 6, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 16 days. 

Baker, George, Needham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 31 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Needham; arrived at Springfield 
July 16, 1780; marched to camp July 16, 1780, under command of Sergt. Thomas 
Kench. 

Baker, George. List of State pensioners ; pensioned Feb. 6, 1804, for life. 

Baker, Hemax, Yarmouth. Drummer, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 177"); service, 3 days. 

Baker, Heman. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 19, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 177'); service, 5 mos. 16 da.ys. Roll dated Barnstable. 

Baker, Heman. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; 
service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm. 

Baker, Henry, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Stephen Bullock's co., Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; roll made 
up to Dec. 12, 1776; service, 4 days; also, Cajjt. Hill's co.. Col. John Daggett's 
regt. ; service, 3 mos., from Dec. 28, 1776, at Bristol. 

Baker, Hezekiah. Private, Capt. Job Crocker's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted July 2, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1777; service, 5 mos. 18 daj's, at Rhode 
Island and sundry places in Massachusetts. 

Baker, Hollister. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co.. Col. Dickinson's regt., 
commanded by Maj. Jonathan Clapp; marched on an alarm at Ticonderoga July 
9, 1777; service, 39 days; also, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Ezra May's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 30 days, on an expedi- 
tion to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Baker, Ichabod. Seaman, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. H. Hacker; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the " Mellish " and "Active" [year not 
given] . 

Baker, Ira. Private, Capt. Thomjison J. Skinner's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Nov. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 10, 1781; service, 10 days; 
marched to the western frontiers on an alarm bv order of Gen. Stark. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 479 

Bakeh, Isaac. Private, Capt. David Cowden's co., Lieut. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
(4th Hampshire Co.) regt. ; marched on an alarm at Bennington Aug. 17, 1777; 
discharged Aug. 20, 1777 ; service, 6 days ; also, Capt. Thomas French's co.. Col. 
David Wells's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 
1 mo., in Northern department; also, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Elisha 
Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 
1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at New London, Conn. 

Baker, Isaac. Mariner, brigantine "Speed" (privateer), commanded by Capt. Ben- 
jamin Cox ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 17, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light. 

Baker, Isaac, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Noah Hinman's co., Col. Asa Bams's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched Oct. 1.5, 1781 ; service, 7 days. 

Bakek, Isaiah, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Ishmael, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 1, 177G, 1 mo. 2 days; 
also, Capt. Turner's co., Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 3, 1777; joined April 
4, 1777; reported mustered out June, 1777. 

Baker, Israel. Capt. Zenas "Wheeler's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 27, 1777 ; service, 20 days ; marched to 
Fort Edward; also. Corporal, Lieut. Eleazer Taylor's co., Col. Ashley's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Bennington as far as Pittstield Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged 
Aug. 20, 1777; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Adam Kasson's co., Col. Ashley's 
regt. ; ordered out on an alarm by Gen. Fellows Oct. 14, 1780 ; service, 6 days, at 
the Northward; also. Sergeant, Capt. Ephraim Brookins's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Collar's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 20, 1781; 
service, 12 days, on an alarm at the Northward, by order of Col. John Ashley. 

Baker, Israel. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 17, 1777; service, 10 days; 
marched to Fort Edward. 

Baker, Israel H., Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Allen's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from 3d Plymouth Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. 
Porter's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Ser- 
geant, Capt. Simon Jackson's (8th) co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; muster 
rolls for June, Aug., Sept. and Nov., 1782; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. 
William Watson's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. Millin's (3d) regt.; muster rolls for 
March and April, 1783 ; reported sick at Bridgewater in March, 1783. 

Baker, Jabez, Dedham. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 12 days. 

Baker, Jabez. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; pay 
abstract for 6 days rations and mileage in March, 1776 ; service in taking and 
fortifying Dorchester Heights. 

Baker, Jacob, Chelsea. Private, Capt. Samuel Sprague's (9th) co., Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
July 8, 1775 ; service, 24 days ; also, list of men in need of blankets, dated Chelsea, 
Aug. 11, 1775; also, company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 30, 1775; also, list of 
men who agreed to serve the month of Jan., 1776; also, Capt. Richard Dodge's 
CO., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay abstracts for Jan., April and May, 1776; 
also, order for travel allowance dated Chelsea, Oct. 18, 1777. 



480 :\1ASSACIIUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Jacob. Private, Capt. John Russell's co., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 22, 1776; service, 3 mos., at 
Martha's Vineyard. 

Baker, Jacob. Matross, Capt. Dounell's co., Col. John Crane's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 9, 1778, to Aug. 13, 1778; reported 
deserted. 

Baker, Jacob, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co., Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched Oct. 14, 1780 ; service, 7 days. 

Baker, Jacob, Jr., Lincoln. Private, Capt. AVilliam Smith's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177J ; service, 4 days. 

Baker, James, Lincoln. Private, Capt. "William Smith's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, o days. 

Baker, James, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
7 days. 

Baker, James, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Abraham "Wheeler's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days ; 
also, Capt. Lemuel Clap's (1st) co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; enlisted March 
14, 1776 ; discharged Marcli 26, 1776 ; service, 12 days. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Matthew Randell's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; 
teceipt for advance pay dated Hull, June 20, 1776 ; also, return of men in service 
from Aug. 1 to Nov. 1, 1776; also, return of men in service Nov., 1776, 1 mo. 
2 days. 

Baker, James. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John AVaterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 34 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777; also, Capt. Squire Millerd's 
CO., Col. "Waterman's regt.; service, 10 da}-s, between April 6 and April 20, 1777. 

Baker, James. Capt. "William Bacon's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; receipt for mileage, 
etc., dated Sheffield, March 24, 1777. 

Baker, James. Capt. John King's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted June 29, 
1777 ; discharged July 27, 1777 ; service, 29 days, imder Gen. Schuyler. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Fales's co.. Col. J. Daggett's regt.; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island Jan. 6, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 2 
mos. 26 days ; company drafted to serve under Gen. Spencer for 3 mos. from Jan. 
1, 1778. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Elijali Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted June 
4, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days; ordered to Albany bj- 
Gen. Fellows. 

Baker, Jam es. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island July 26, 1778; discharged Aug. 16, 1778; service, 22 
days. 

Baker, James. Capt. Micali Chapman's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; niarclied on an 
alarm at Dartmoutli and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778; service, 8 days. 

Baker, James, Dighton. Private, Capt. Jacob Fuller's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted July 14, 1778 ; service, 5 mos. 19 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. detached from the militia; marched 
Sept. 13, 1779; discharged Sept. 17, 1779; service, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Falmouth. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 481 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Sj-lvanus AVillcox's co., Col. Julin Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 15, 1780; service, 2 days. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Nathan Thayer's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 
days, at "West Point; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army ; reported wages paid to the town of Franklin. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Pratt's co., Col. Mitchell's regt., under com- 
mand of Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Tiver- 
ton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days. 

Baker, James. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Dean's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; 
enlisted March 3,-1781 ; discharged March 17, 1781 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Baker, James, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. George Williams's 
regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged 
Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 32 days; also, list of men mustered in 
Bristol Co. for service at Rhode Island, as returned by James Leonard, Muster 
Master, July 7, 1778; Col. George Williams's regt.; enlistment, 6 months; also, 
descriptive list of men raised agreeable to order of general court of Dec. 2, 1780 ; 
Capt. Blake's co., 3d regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, light; eyes, blue; occupation, cooper; residence, Taunton; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Baker, James. Receipt for bounty paid him by Abijah Gale, chairman of class No. 2 
of the town of AVestborough, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 
years, dated Worcester, May 9, 1782. 

Baker, James, Pelham. Private, Capt. Isaac Gray's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 
days; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for 
travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga in 1776 ; also, Capt. Dickinson's co., 
Col. Porter's regt. ; credit bill [year not given] ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Thomson's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated 
South Hadley, May 28, 1777; joined Capt. Daniel Shay's co.. Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (4th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also, Capt. Shay's 
CO., Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 
3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; mus- 
tered by Col. Woodbridge; also, Light Infantry co., Col. Putnam's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 2, 1780; also, 
descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 
months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 33 ( ? ) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; 
complexion, ruddy; residence, Pelham; arrived at Springfield July 9, 1780; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Pelham for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780; marched June 25, 1780; discharged Dec. 25, 1780; 
service, 6 mos. 8 days ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782 ; 
age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, dark (also given light) ; hair, dark 
(also given light) ; occupation, farmer; rank, Corporal; residence, Pelham; en- 
listed April 4 (also given May 15), 1781 ; joined Capt. Luke Day's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, Capt. Day's co., 
Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also. 
Corporal; muster rolls for June, July and Aug., 1781 ; reported promoted to Cor- 
poral June 1, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Camp at Continental 
Village; reported on command at Jersey; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 



482 :\rASSACHUSETTS soldiers and SAn.ORS 

Baker, James, continued. 

1782, dated York Huts ; reported on command at the Lines in Oct. and Nov., 
1781; also, list of deserters; deserted March 20, 1782, from furlouirh; joined at 
AVest Point April 9, 1782 ; also, list of men discharj,'ed ; discharged June 10, 1783, 
bj' Gen. Wasliington, having procured a man to serve in his place. 

Baker, James, Jr. Private, Capt. Ebenezer "Withington's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Baker, James, Jr., Dorchester. Private, Capt. Oliver Billings's and Lieut. Lemuel 
Clap's CO., Col. Lemuel Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 
19, 177n; service, 9 days; also, Capt. Lemuel Clap's (1st) co.. Col. Benjamin 
Gill's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; discharged March 8, 1776; service, 5 days, at 
the taking of Dorchester Heights; also, Capt. John Robinson's co.. Col. Gill's 
regt. ; service, 12 days, in March, 1776, guarding the shores at the mouth of Mil- 
ton River. 

Baker, James, Jr. 1st Lieutenant, 3d co.. Col. Nathan Freeman's (Barnstable Co.) 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 23, 1778; also, 1st 
Lieutenant, Capt. John Nicholson's (9th) co., 1st Barnstable Co. regt.; list of 
officers of Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Baker, Jedediah, Northfield. Private, Capt. Eliakim Smith's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ;^ 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 

Baker, Jedediah, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Kellogg's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Baker, Jedediah, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; marched to Tiverton, R. I., Aug. 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 5 days, on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780. 

Baker, Jeremiah, Dedham. Private, Capt. Daniel Draper's co.. Col. Davis's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (3d Parish) ; ser- 
vice, 2 days. 

Baker, Jeremiah. Capt. Squire Millard's co. ; receipt for wages for service, 1 day, on 
an alarm, Nov. 21, 1776, dated Warwick ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Millard's co.. Col. 
John Waterman's regt. ; service from Dec. 4, 1776, to Jan. 9, 1777, 36 days. 

Baker, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Abel Richards'sco., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; marched 
to Roxbury and Boston March 23, 1778 ; discharged April 6, 1778 ; service, 15 days. 

Baker, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battelle's co. ; service from July 2 to July 
17, 1778, 15 days, guarding Continental stores at Watertown. 

Baker, Jerioiiah. Cajtt. Esek Eddy's co. of artificers, acting as boatmen; service, 
l.jij days, from Aug. 11, 1778. 

Bakek, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt. ; service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an 
alarm. 

Baker, John, Dorchester (probably). Clerk, Capt. William llolden's co., commanded 
by Lieut. Preserved Baker, Col. Rolnnson's regt., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Baker, Jo)in, Manchester. Corporal, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford; service, 3 da3's. 

Baker, John, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John Prescott's co., whicli marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 9 days. 

Baker, John, Medwaj-. Private, Capt. Joshua Partridge's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 483 

Baker, John, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Daniel Barns' s co., Col. Jonathan Ward's 
rapt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 13 weeks 
6 days. 

Baker, John, Marlboroutrh. Private, Capt. Cyprian How's co., Col. Jonathan "Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 16 
days. 

Baker, John. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard under Maj. 
Loammi Baldwin, May 11, 1775; also, Capt. Jonas Hubbard's co. ; list of men 
returned as serving on picket guard under Maj. Baldwin, May 23, 1775. 

Baker, John, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., which marched on the 
alarm of ApriHO, 1775; service, 7 daj^s; reported enlisted into the army April 26, 
1775; aZso, Capt. Barnes's CO., Col. Ward's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 
1775] . 

Baker, John. Order for wages for 1 month drawn on Col. Asa Whitcomb in favor of 
Capt. Ezra Xewhall, dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775. 

Baker, John, Rockingham (also given Walpole). Private, Capt. Jeremiah Stiles's co., 
Col. Paul Dudlej- Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Boston, Nov. 10, 1775. 

Baker, John, Beverly. Captain, Col. Mansfield's regt. ; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] . 

Baker, John, Marblehead. Private, Capt. John Merrett's co., Col. John Glover's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 1, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days ; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Baker, John, Lynn. Private, Capt. William Farrington's (2d) co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Ezra New- 
hall's CO., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted Maj- 6, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Newhall's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 4, 1775. 

Baker, John, Topsfield. Private, Capt. John Baker's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 8 daj-s; 
also, Fifer; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 12 yrs. ; enlisted May 2, 
1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775; 
also, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; enlisted July 
11, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 16, 1778 ; service, 5 mos. 6 days, at Winter Hill. 

Baker, John, Topsfield. Captain ; petition dated Cambridge, May 25, 1775, signed by 
said Baker and others, asking that Moses Little and Isaac Smith be respectively 
commissioned as Colonel and Lieutenant Colonel ; also, list of officers in Col. Moses 
Little's (Essex Co.) regt., dated June 15, 1775 ; stationed at Cambridge ; reported 
commissioned June 27, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
age, 41 yrs. 

Baker, John, Ipswich (also given Salem). Capt. Ebenezer Winship's co., Col. John 
Nixon's (5th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775 ; also, 
Sergeant; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; ser\ice, 3 mos. 8 
days ; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775 ; also, Capt. Winship's (4th) co., Col. 
Nixon's (4th) regt.; return for Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, 
receipts for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, return of men in service 
Jan., 1777, dated Springfield. 



484 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, John. Seaman, ship "Versailles," commanded by Capt. Joseph Chapman; 
portage bill for voyage from Boston to Nantes, France, and back to Boston; 
engaged Jan. 3, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 

Baker, Johx. Order for wages for Oct. and Nov , 1776, dated Morristown. 

Baker, Joiix. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston; 
engaged Feb. 4, 1777 ; roll made up to Aug. 4, 1777 ; service, 6 mos. 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's mounted troops. Col. Job Cusliing's 
regt. ; marched Aug. 21, 1777, to reinforce Northern army by order of Gens. Lin- 
coln and Stark ; service, 5 days ; proceeded to Hadley and were there counter- 
ordered. 

Baker, John. List of men dated Boston, Sept. 29, 1777, who refused to march on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island, as returned by Col. Jabez Hatch of the Boston 
regt. 

Baker, John. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Warren's co., Lieut. Col. Wheelock's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days. Roll 
sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Baker, John. 2d Lieutenant, brigantine "General Gates" (privateer), commanded 
by Capt. Joseph Tilden; petition dated Boston, Feb. 9, 1778, signed by William 
Shattuck, asking that said Tilden be commissioned as commander of the " Gen- 
eral Gates." 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 23 
days. Rolls dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Baker, John. Capt. Jonathan Procter's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 12, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at 
Cambridge and Charlestown. 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. Jolin Bodwell's co.. Col. Jacol^ Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
service between Ai)ril 2 and July 2, 1778, 2 mos. 18 daj's, at Cambridge; also, pay 
roll for 10 days service from July 2 to July 12, 1778, at Cambridge. 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battelle's co. ; service from July 2 to July 17, 
1778, 15 days, guarding Continental stores at Watertown. 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt., 
Gen. Warner's brigade; service from Nov. 3, 1778, to Nov. 19, 1778, 17 days; 
company detached to escort troops of convention to Enfield, Conn., and to rein- 
force guards in the barracks at Rutland, under Col. Jacob Gerrish. 

Baker, John, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co., Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 8 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's 
CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
27, 1775; service, 1 mo. 4 days; reported enlisted in the train May 28, 1775; also, 
Capt. John Poi>kin's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; receipt for 
advance pay dated Winter Hill, July 14, 1775; also, Matross; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 28, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days ; also, company return 
dated Camp at Winter Hill, Sept. 27, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Andrew Haskell's 
CO., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated July 16, 1776; 
service at Hull; also, pay rolls for service from June 20, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 5 
mos. 13 days ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. John 
White's CO., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 20, 1777 ; joined Capt. Briant's 
CO., Col. Crane's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Matross, Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. 
Mason's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Marcli 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co.. Col. John Crane's (»Vi-til- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 485 

Baker, John, continued. 

lery) rept. ; muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Springfield; also, return dated 
Springfield, Nov. 1, 1779 ; also, Capt. Bryant's co. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 1, 1780 ; reported discharged March 1, 1780. 

Baker, Johx, Amsterdam. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Rambler," 
commanded by Capt. Benjamin Lovett, dated May 27, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. ; complexion, brown ; residence, Amsterdam. 

Baker, John, South Brimfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted agreeal)le to resolve 
of June 9, 1779; Capt. Winchester's co., Col. Bliss's regt. ; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 4 in.; hair, light; residence. South Brimfield; delivered to Capt. James 
Cooper; enlistment, 9 months; also, Maj. Oliver's co., 3d regt.; enlisted July 10, 
1779; discharged April 10, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. B. Read's co., commanded by Lieut. John Benson, Col. 
Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island 
July 29, 1780; discharged Aug. 1, 1780; service, 7 days. 

Baker, John, Barre. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baker, John. Sergeant, Capt. Simon Larned's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) re.gt. ; 
muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, and Jan., 1782, dated York Huts; enlist- 
ment, during war; reported joined in place of Ebenezer Stoddard who was trans- 
ferred Nov. 10, 1781. 

Baker, John, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Symonds's 
regt. ; marched to Manchester July 9, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 21 days ; also, 
Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to Pawlet Sept. 5, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 
27 days; also, Capt. Brown's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; marched on an 
alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Noah Hinman's 
CO., Col. Asa Bams's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1781; service, 10 
days. 

Baker, John, Wrentham. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Boyd's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Cambridge, Dee. 23, 1775; also, Capt. Aaron Guild's co., Col. 
Josiah Whitney's regt.; enlisted May 16, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776; 
service, 5 mos. 15 days, at Hull ; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 3 days ser\ice from Nov. 
1, 1776, dated Hull ; also, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 24, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 3, 1778 ; 
service, 11 days. 

Baker, John. Capt. Azariah Alvord's co., Col. Badlam's regt. ; return of clothing 
dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Baker, John, Marlborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Cranson's co., Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; joined 
Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, John, Westborough (probably). List of men returned as belonging to train 
band [year not given] . 

Baker, John. Private, Capt. Brigham's co., Col. Cushing's regt. [year not given]. 

Baker, John, Jr., Dorchester (also given Roxbury). Sergeant, Lieut. Hopestill 
Hall's (2d) CO., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; 
also, Captain, Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt. ; return of men in service at Brookline 
July 7, 1775; also, return of men in camp at Brookline July 14, 1775; also. Cap- 
tain of main guard at Prospect Hill, under Col. Loamnii Baldwin, July 16, 1775 ; 



486 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, John, Jr., coniimted. 

also, Col. Gerrish's regt. ; muster roll dated Ang. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 9 days; also, returns dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Aug. 10, 19 
and 25, 1775; also, Lieut. Col. Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; pay abstract 
for rations from July 1 to Sept. 14, 1775, dated Chelsea ; also, list of men dated 
Oct. 18, 1775. 

Baker, John, Jr. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
service, 3 days, in March, 1776, guarding the Lines near Dorchester Heights; 
also, pay roll for 12 days service in March, 177G, guarding the shores at the mouth 
of Milton River. Roll dated Dorchester. 

Baker, Johx, Jr., Pittsfield. Capt. David NoV)le's co. ; list of men who enlisted Dec. 
31, 1775; marched to Boston, thence via New York to Canada, and served until 
Dec. 31, 1776, 1 yr. ; also, Capt. William Francis's co. ; list of men who marched 
to Stillwater Sept. 30, 1777, and were dismissed Oct. 10, 1777; service, 1 week 

4 days. 

Baker, Joiix, Jr., Topsfield. Private, Capt. John Balvcr's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
17 days; also, company return [proliably Oct., 1775] ; age, 22 yrs. ; enlisted May 
2, 1775 ; also, order for l)Ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775. 

Baker, John F., Shrewsbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 

5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Shrews- 
bury; enlisted Marcli 30, 1782; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, Jonadab. Private, Capt. William Tliurlo's co.. Col. Josiah Wliitney's regt.; 
service from July 30, 1778, to Sept. 13, 1778, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Baker, Joxadah. Private, Capt. Timothy Boutell's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Julj- 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
11 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Baker, Joxathan. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. Powell's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 26, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at 
New Haven, Conn. 

Baker, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. Cyprian How's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 
3 mos. 7 days. 

Baker, Jonathan. Private, Cajit. John Reed's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 14, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 18 days ; company 
raised for defence of eastern Massachusetts. 

Baker, Jonathan. Petition dated Boston, March 22, 1780, signed by William Shat- 
tuck, asking that said Baker be commissioned as commander of the ship 
" Favorite " (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Marcli 22, 1780, that a commission 
be issued. 

Baker, Jonathan, Barnstable. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown ; occupation, farmer ; residence, Barn- 
stable; enlisted April 2, 1781; joined Capt.- Joseph Bates's (also given Capt. 
Hastings's) co., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7tli) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, 
Private, Ca])t. Bates's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, 
dated West Point; nZ.w, muster rolls for June and July, 1781; reported on com- 
mand with Col. Scainiel; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peeks- 
kill; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, 
dated York Huts. 

Baker, Joseph, Beverly. Private, Capt. Larkin Thorndike's (1st) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2i days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 487 

Bakku, Joseph, Dedham. Private, Capt. Joseph Guild's co., Col. Greaton's regt., 
wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days ; also, Corporal, 
Capt. Guild's co.. Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; company return dated Fort No. 2, 
Oct. 5, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775. 

Baker, Joseph, Ashfield. Private, Lieut. Samuel Bartlet's co., which marched April 
22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Ebenezer AVebber's co., Col. John Fellows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; 
enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated 
Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Dorchester, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Baker, Joseph, Littleton. Private, Capt. Samuel Gill)ert's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 73 days; 
also, company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 28, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Baker, Joseph, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Cyprian Howe's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 7 days ; also, Capt. Cranson's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; company return 
dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baker, Joseph, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Stephen Bullock's co.. Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; roll made 
up to Dec. 22, 1776 ; service, 14 days. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Aaron Charles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777 ; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 

Baker, Joseph. Capt. Gates's co. ; receipt for mileage, etc., from Albany home, dated 
Marlborough, March 14, 1777. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nehemiah May's co., Col. David Leonard's regt.; en- 
listed May 6, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 12 days ; enlistment, 
2 months. Roll dated South Brimfield. 

Baker, Joseph, Kittery. Private, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt. ; service, 2 mos. 12 days, prior to July 18, 1777, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co., Col. Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777; discharged Oct. 1, 1777 ; service, 27 days, at Pawlet. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. George Williams's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 29, 1777, under Maj. Gen. 
Spencer; discharged Oct. 30, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day, at Tiverton, R. I. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; 
service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Daniel Winchester's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 13 days, 
in Northern department. 

Baker, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Keith's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 9 
days. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Julj- 14, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 9, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days, 
at Cambridge ; roll dated Lancaster ; also, Capt. David Jewett's co.. Col. Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 
Roll dated Lancaster. 



488 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAPORS 

Baker, Joseph, Monson. Private, Capt. Phineas Stebbins's co.. Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's re.fft. ; enlisted Sept. 1."), 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days; company detached 
to reinforce Gen. Sullivan and ordered to Boston. 

Baker, Joseph, Brimfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to resolve 
of June 9, 1779; Capt. Charles's co.. Col. Bliss's regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
5 in.; liair, dark; residence, Brimfield; enlistment, 9 months; reported received 
at Springfield July 19, 1779, by Capt. James Cooper. 

Baker, Joseph. Capt. King's co., 10th regt.; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged April 
25, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Col. Hull's co.. Col. Greaton's (3d) regt. ; enlisted 
Julj' 15, 1779 ; discharged April 15, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Henry Tew's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 4, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 4 daA's. 

Baker, Joseph. Sailor on board the " Eagle," commanded by Capt. William Groves; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 17, 1780; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; com- 
plexion, light. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co., Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, order for wages for service at West Point in 
1780, dated Petersham. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched to Castleton by order of Gen. Fellows Oct. 14, 1780, on 
an alarm; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, 5 days. 

Baker, Joseph, Attleborough. List of men raised for the 6 monfhs service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baker, Joseph, Brimfield. Private, Col. Hazen's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. M. White's 
CO., Col. Hazen's regt. ; pay abstract for Oct.-Dec, 1780. 

Baker, Joseph (also given Jr.), Littleton. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Gilbert's co., 
Col. William Prescott's regt. ; list of ofticers; commissioned June 25, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 92 days; also, 
company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for recompense for 
losses at Bunker Hill, dated Littleton, April 2, 177G; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Jewett's co.. Col. Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) 
regt., dated Littleton, Sept. 17, 1777; joined Capt. Sanmel Darby's co., Col. John 
Bailej^'s regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Col. Bailey's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1779 ; reported resigned April 
1, 1779; also, Capt. Darby's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; return of men in service at 
Vallej' Forge Jan. 25, 1778; also, order for clothing payable to Lieut. Col. Ezra 
Badlam, dated Camp at White Plains, Aug. 19, 1778; also, return for clothing 
dated Dorchester, Sept. 28, 1778 ; also, return for clothing dated Boston, Oct. 6, 
1778; also, list of officers in need of clothing, dated Dorchester, Oct. 22, 1778; also, 
certificate signed by said Baker, dated Littleton, Feb. 1, 1779; also, list of officers 
dated Boston, May 19, 1779 ; reported not recommended on the new establishment. 

Baker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Peter Wi)odl)ury's co.. Col. Natlian Tyler's detach- 
ment of guards [year not given] . 

Baker, Joseph, Westborough (probably). List of men returned as l)elonging to 
alarm list [year not given]. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 489 

Baker, Jos'if . Matross ; list of men in a Canadian regt. who did not receive gratuity 
granted by resolve of Jan. 15, 1781. 

Baker, Joshia, Medfield. Receipt for bounty paid him l)y a committee of the town of 
Medfield to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated July 11, 
1781; enlisted July 11, 1781. 

Baker, Josiah, Falmouth. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Noyes's co.. Col. Edmund 
Phinney's regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment. May 15, 1775, to date of 
marching to headquarters, July 13, 1775, equivalent to 59 days; also, list of offi- 
cers; recommended by Council, Oct. 6, 1775, to be commissioned by Gen. Wash- 
ington; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2, 
Cambridge. 

Baker, Josiah. Private, Capt. Joseph "Warner's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, with 
Northern army. 

Baker, Josiah. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an 
alarm. 

Baker, Jothaji, York. Muster Master's receipt dated York, Feb. 27, 1777; age, 21 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, York ; joined Capt. Daniel 
Wheelwright's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. 

Baker, Judah, Yarmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Judah, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Judah. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; 
service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an 
alarm. 

Baker, Kexelm, Marshfield (also given Scituate). Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's 
CO., Col. John Bailey's regt.. Brig. Gen. Thomas's brigade; pay aljstract for 
mileage; reported in service Jan. 10, 1776; also, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. 
Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Point Shirley, June 13, 
1776 ; also, pay rolls for service from May 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 7 mos. 2 days ; 
also, list of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of wages dated 
Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776; also, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days, 
at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Baker, Lemuel (or Sa3iuel). Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Wheelock's regt. ; marched to Warwick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; ser- 
vice, 16 days. 

Baker, Lemuel, Gouldsborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Libbey's co., Col. Benjamin 
Foster's regt.; enlisted Sept. 15, 1777; discharged Sept. 25, 1777; service, 10 
days, at Machias. 

Baker, Lemuel, Township No. 4. Private, Capt. Henry Dyer's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt.; discharged Sept. 24, 1777; service, 7 days, at 
Machias, during Aug., Sept. and Oct. when British ships lay in the harbor; also, 
Capt. John Hall's co.. Col. Foster's regt. ; return of men in service from Aug. 7 
to Sept. 7, 1779, 1 mo. ; marched on expedition to Majorbagaduce by order of 
Gen. Lovel. Return dated Boston. 

Baker, Levi. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted March 24, 1781; 
rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 21 mos. 6 days. 



490 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Lewis. Receipt for bounty paid him by Ebenezer Gray, Chairman of a class 
of the town of Pelham, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Springfield, April 29, 1782. 

Baker, Lewis. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's (7th) co., Col. Michael Jackson's 
(8th) regt. ; muster roll for April, 1783. 

Baker, Luke, Boston. Private, Gen. John Hancock's Independent Boston co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Col. Henry Jackson ; service from April 15, 1777, to May 5, 
1777, 21^ days, at Rhode Island. 

Baker, Lymax. Private, Capt. Josepli Williams's (Liglit Infantry) co.. Col. John 
Greaton's regt.; muster roll for Sept., 1779; enlisted March 1, 1777; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Baker, Lyman. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbel's co., Col. Rossiter's (3d Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; marched on an alarm Oct. 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; service, 4 
days. 

Baker, Lyman. Private, Capt. Joel Stevens's co.. Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Saratoga Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 25, 1781 ; service, 13 days. 
Roll dated Pittslield. 

Baker, Lyman. Private, Cajtt. John Bacon's co., Col. Caleb Hyde's regt.. Gen. 
Rosseter's brigade; enlisted Oct. 20, 1781; discharged Oct. 28, 1781; ser\ice, 9 
days, at Stillwater. 

Baker, Micah, Medfield. List of men wlio received money for "turns done in last 
wars in the days of Capt. Morse tlie 1st and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17, 
1776 ; also, list of men wlio marched to Rhode Island July 22, 1777, on an alarm ; 
also, Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; marched 
to Rhode Island on an alarm ; discharged Sept. 12, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 
Roll sworn to at Wrentham. 

Bakkk, Michael. Fifer, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co. ; return of men in service at 
Castle Island Dec. 2G, 177G; endorsed " Col. Weld's regt." 

Baker, Michael. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 6, 1778; discliarged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 5 mos. 6 days, 
at Boston and Cambridge; enlistment, 6 months. 

Baker, Moses. Private, Capt. Joseph Smitli's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; discliarged 
Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 27 days. 

Baker, Moses, Wellfleet. Capt. Winslow Lewis's co. ; return for travel allowance to 
and from camp at Camlmdge, dated Jan. 13, 1776 ; also. Gunner, Capt. John 
Gill's (6th) CO., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; pay abstract for blanket money, 
etc., dated Boston, May G, 1777 ; also, pay roll for service from Feb. 1 to May 8, 
1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Baker, Moses. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 32 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Baker, Moses. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov, 12, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at 
Charlestown and Cambridge; also, muster roll for Fel)., 1778, dated Winter Hill; 
company detached Nov. 5, 1777, to guard Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

Baker, Moses, Oxford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of Jnne 5, 1780 ; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; completion, ruddy ; residence, Oxford; arrived at Springfield July 1, 
1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign Joseph Miller; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 491 

Baker, Moses, continued. 

son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; 
also, paj- roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Oxford for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 9, 1780; discharged Dec. 15, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 6 days. 

Baker, Moses, Jr., Dracut. Private, Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
(27th) regt. ; enlisted April 25, 1775 ; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
14 days. [See Moses Barker.] 

Baker, Nathax (also given Nathantel) . Private ; list of men returned as ser^'ing 
on picket guard May 23, 1775, under Maj. Baldwin ; Capt. Jonas Huhbard's co. ; 
also, receipt for baj-onets dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Aug. 28, 1775. 

Baker, Nathan. Capt. William Bacon's co., Col. Porter's regt.; receipt for mileage, 
etc., dated Sheffield, March 24, 1777. 

Baker, Nathax, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., which marched on 
the alarm of Ajiril 19, 1775; service, 9 days; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
raised agreeal)le to resolve of Apiil 20, 1778 ; Capt. Cranson's co., Col. Howe's 
regt.; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Marl- 
borough ; enlistment, 9 months ; also, return of men in Capt. Cranston's co. [year 
not given] ; stationed at White Plains. 

Baker, Nathax. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. detached from militia; marched 
on an alarm at Falmouth Sept. 13, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 17, 1779 ; service, 5 days. 

Baker, Nathax, New Providence (also given Lanesborough). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Shubael Willmarth's co. [year not given] ; 
joined Capt. Isaac Warren's (6thj co.. Col. John Bayley's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years; also, Private, 6th co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from April 12, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, return dated Camp at Valley 
Forge, Jan. 24, 1778 ; also. Major's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Arm.v pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 12, 1780. 

Baker, Nathan (also given Nathaniel), Walpole. Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Oliver Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Goodell's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, Nathan, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched ou the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, 
Capt. Seth Bullard's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated 
Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Sabin Mann's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt., dated 
Sept. 8, 1777; joined Capt. Nathan Goodale's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also. Major Allen's co., Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Maj' 15, 1777; reported died 
May 15, 1777; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778. 

Baker, Nathan, West Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Thomas Williams's co., Col. John 
Paterson's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, from Stockbridge and West Stockbridge to Cambridge ; service, 13 days ; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 
days; also, company return [probaljly Oct., 1775] ; reported discharged Oct. 6, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, 
Charlestown, Dec. 23, 1775 ; also, descriptive list of men raised agreeable to Act of 
1780 ; Capt. Hall's co.. Col. Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; age, 38 yrs. ; stature, 
5ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, collier; residence. West 
Stockbridge; enlistment, 3 years; also, I'eceipt for bounty dated West Stock- 
bridge, July 28, 1781. 



492 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORjS 

Baker, Nathan, Jr., Adams. Private, Lient. Jeremiah Brown's co.. Col. Asa Barns's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marelied on an alarm Oct. 13, 1781, and joined Gen. Stark 
at Saratoga; discharged Oct. 29, 1781 ; service, 16 days. 

Baker, Nathaniel, Dedham. Private, Capt. William Ellis's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Daniel Whiting's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 daj'; also, company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Pros- 
pect Hill, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Baker, Nathaniel, Lincoln. Private, Capt. William Smith's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. 
John Hartwell's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; service, 5 days ; company called 
out March 4, 1776, to fortify Dorchester Heights. 

Baker, Nathaniel, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co. of Provincials •> 
return of men in service June 5, 1775 ; inarched to Cambridge ; also, Capt. Wade's 
CO., Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 
1775; service, 11 weeks 5 days; a/so, comi)any return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 
19 yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 
1775 ; reported wounded at battle of Bunker Hill. 

Baker, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Oliver Belding's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 24 days, at the North- 
ward. 

Baker, Nathaniel. Sergeant, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; 
marched to Iloxbury and Boston March 23, 1778; discharged April 6, 1778; ser- 
vice, 15 days. 

Baker, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. detached from militia ; marched 
on an alarm at Falmouth Sept. 13, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 17, 1779 ; service, 5 days. 

Baker, Nathaniel. Fifer, Capt. Micah Hamlen's co., Lieut. Col. Ilallet's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 6, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; 
service, 2 mos. 28 days; enlistment, 3 mouths; company detached to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Baker, Newell. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Nichols (also given Nicholas) , Pembroke. Private, Capt. Freedom Chamber- 
lin's CO., Col. Bailey's regt., whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser- 
vice, 14 days; also, Capt. Chamberlain's co., Gen. John Thomas's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, com- 
l>any return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775; also. Corporal; 
marched on an alarm at the taking of Dorchester Heights March 5, 1776; ser- 
vice, 5 days. 

Baker, Nicholas. Matross, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to Feb. 1, 1777, 3 mos. ; reported as serving 
1 mo. in colony service, 2 mos. in Continental service. 

Baker, Noah. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Prospect 
Hill, July 16, 1775, under Col. Loammi BaldAvin. 

Baker, Noah, Sunderland. Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. J. Brewer's regt. ; order 
for cartridges dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775; also, Private; muster roll^ dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 2 weeks, 6 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 493 



Baker, Olivek. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 29 days, bet\veen Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Baker, Oliver. Sergeant, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Berkshire Co. regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
21, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 nios.; enlistment, 3 months; com- 
pany marched to Manchester, Yt., thence to Allington, thence to Stillwater, by 
order of Gen. Lincoln ; joined Gen. John Ashley's regt. and marched to Bolton's 
Rills. 

Baker, Pardox. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co.. Col. John Waterman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 14 days, between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777; also, Capt. Squire Millard's 
CO., Col. Waterman's regt. ; pay roll for service from Jan. 9 to Feb. 3, 1777, 
23 days; also, receipt for wages dated Warwick, 1777. 

Baker, Pavl. Private, Capt. Amos Rathburn's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 16, 
1776; enlistment to expire March \n, 1777; also, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Berkshire 
Co. regt.. Gen. Fellows's brigade ; enlisted July 1, 1778 ; service, 4 mos., at Albany, 
under Gen. Stark. 

Baker, Paul, Yarmouth. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Yarmouth; arrived at Springfield Aug. 
28, 1780; marched to camp Oct. 1, 1780, under command of Lieut. Lynde; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 
having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also. Pri- 
vate, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; muster roll 
for Jan., 1781, dated West Point ; marched Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 29, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 6 months. 

Baker, Peter, Cape Cod. Seaman; list of prisoners exchanged at Newport, R. I., 
Feb. 11, 1777. 

Baker, Peter. Private, Capt. Keep's co., Col. William Sheppard's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from June 17, 1777, to July 2, 1777; reported 
deserted. [See Peter Barker.] 

Baker, Peter. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; 
service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm. 

Baker, Peter, Littleton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Aaron Jewett's (3d) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated 
Feb. 19, 1778 ; joined Capt. Samuel Darby's (2d) co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war ; also. Private, Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Samuel Darby's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men in ser\-ice at Talley Forge 
Jan. 25, 1778. 

Baker, Peter, Jr., Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Philemon, Charlton. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamb's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 22, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779, for service at 
Rhode Island ; reported missing since Aug. 28, 1778 ; also, Capt. Samuel Hamant's 
CO., Col. Wade's regt.; muster roll for June and July, 1778, dated Middleton; 
also, Capt. Lamb's co.. Col. Wade's regt.; muster roll for March-Sept., 1778, 
dated East Greenwich; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Baker, Philemon, Charlton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nichols's co.. Col. Ilolman's regt.; mustered July 1 [year not given]; 
enlistment, 9 months. 



ti94 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bakek, Philo. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
13 days, at New London, Conn. 

Baker, Pueserveii, Dorchester. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Abraham Wheeler's co., Col. 
Lemuel Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
12 days. 

Baker, Preserved, Dorchester (probably). Lieutenant, Capt. William Ilolden's co., 
commanded by Lieut. Preserved Baker, Col. Robinson's regt., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Baker, Preserved, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 10 days ; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Benjamin Richardson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for travel 
allowance to Dorchester Heights, dated Nov. 28, 1776 ; credited with 2 days 
allowance; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co.. Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777, at 
Dorchester Heights. 

Baker, Preserved, Jr., Dorchester. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's (1st) co., Col. Ben- 
jamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted March 7, 1776; discharged March 8, 1776; service, 2 
days, at the taking of Dorchester Heights ; also, Capt. John Robinson's co.. Col. 
Gill's regt.; service, 12 days, in March, 1776; ordered to guard the shores at the 
mouth of Milton River; also, Capt. Seth Sumner's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; ordered 
to march to Moon Island June 12, 1776; service, 3 days; also, pay roll for service 
from March 1 to April 8, 1778, 1 mo. 8 days, at Castle Island. 

Baker, Prince. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Hendry Hunter's (6th) co., Col. William 
Jones's (3d Lincoln Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia, dated Bristol, July 
1, 1777; commissioned Aug. 21 (also given Aug. 26), 1777; also, Capt. Hunter's 
CO., Col. Jones's regt.; service, 2 days, from Sept. 10, 1777, defending a ship 
loading with masts in Sheepscot River. 

Baker, Revrex, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Reuben. Enlistment agreement dated April 26, 1775, signed by said Baker 
and others, engaging themselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775; Capt. Stearns's co., 
Col. Doolittle's regt. 

Baker, Reuben. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard, May 11, 
1775, under Maj. Luamnii Baldwin. 

Baker, Reuben. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 16, 1776; charged with mutiny; tried by genei-al court-martial, 
Brig. St. Clair, President, and found guilt}- ; ordered to receive twenty lashes on 
the bare back and pick oakum for a week. 

Baker, Reuben, Shrewsburj^ Private, Capt. Job. Cushing's co., Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; rei)orted 
enlisted in the train June 16, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 13, 1775; also, list of men dated Dec. 3, 1778; 
ordered by Council to do duty in the 1st co. of Shrewsbury. 

Baker, Reuben, Kingston. Capt. Ebenezer Winship's co., Col. John Nixon's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775; also. Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 7, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Sept. 30, 1775 ; rejjorted deserted. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 495 

Bakee, Revben, Adams. Private, Capt. Michael G. Houdin's co., Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (5th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 1, 
1780; discharged Jan. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months; also, list of men raised for 
the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed mus- 
ter, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bakek, Reubex, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Noah Hinman's co.. Col. Asa Barns's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched Oct. 15, 1781; service, 7 days. 

Baker, Revbex, Jr., Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Bakee, Revben, Jr. Private, Capt. Seth Clark's co., Barnstable Co. regt.; service, 5 
mos. 20 days, bet\yeen July 1 and Dec. 31, 1775. 

Bakee, Reynolds. Private, Capt. William Douglas's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshu-e Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 
16, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777 ; reported left sick at Albany Dec. 18, 
1776, and also sick at Hancock ; also, pay roll for 7 days serA-ice at Bennington 
from Aug. 14 to Aug. 20, 1777. 

Bakek, Richard, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Bakee, Richard. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm. 

Bakee, Richard, Dracut. Return of men enlisted into Continental Ai-my fi-om Capt. 
J. B. A'arnum's co.. Col. Simeon Spauldiug's regt., dated 1777 ; joined Lieut. 
Chambers's (also given Capt. Lane's) co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years 
or during war; also. Private, 8th co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for ser\ice from March 25, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, 
Capt. Jabez Lane's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; muster roll for 1777-79, dated Camp 
at Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, order for wages dated Hackensack, July 7, 1779; 
also, Maj. Joseph Thompson's co., 6th regt.; pay abstracts for June-Oct., 1779; 
reported sick in hospital at Fishkill from last of March; also, Maj. Peter Har- 
wood's CO., Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; reported 
discharged March 25, 1780; also, return for clothing dated Peekskill, Dec. 5, 
1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
March 25, 1780 ; reported discharged March 25, 1780 

Baker, Richard, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army ; age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Haverhill ; 
arrived at Springfield Oct. -i, 1780; marched to camp Oct. 26, 1780, under com- 
mand of Lieut. Cary ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Ijy the town of 
Haverhill for service in the Continental Ai-my during 1780 ; marched Sept. 26,. 
1780; discharged Feb. 9, 1781; service, 4 mos. 26 days. 

Baker, Richard, Danvers. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; 
enlisted July 12, 1781 ; also. Private, Capt. Francis Green's co., Col. Joseph Yose's 
(1st) regt. ; muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill ; enlisted 
July 11, 1781; enlistment, 6 months (also giA^en 3 years) ; also, muster rolls for 
Oct. and Nov., 1781, and Jan., Feb. and March, 1782, dated York Hutts; re- 
ported on command with the boats in Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; also, return of 1st 
regt. ; reported at New Windsor hospital, Feb., 1783; also, certificate dated May 
13, 1783, signed by Azariah Egleston, stating that said Baker was discharged from 
1st regt., but had not received pay for his services for 1781 and 1782, and for but 
3 mos. in 1783. 

Baker, Richard, Jr., Pembroke. Private, Capt. James Hatch's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Peml)roke (West Parish) to Scituate and 
Marshfield; discharged April 29, 1775; service, 11 days. 



496 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Robert, Beverly. Private, Lieut. Peter Shaw's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Baker, Robert, Monson (also given Brimfield). Private, Capt. Isaac Colton's co., 
Col. David Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 20, 1775 ; 
service, 10 days; also, company return dated Roxl)ury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. 
Colton's CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) 9th regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in monej, dated Nov. 1, 1775. 

Baker, Robert. Private, Capt. Aaron Charles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777; 
enlisted Dec. 25, 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 

Baker, Robert, Monson. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 
ft. 6 in.; complexion, light ; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Monson ; 
enlisted April 12, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(10th) regt.; enlisted April 30, 1781; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 13 
mos. 20 days; reported transferred to corps of invalids, June 20, 1782; also, re- 
turn of men enlisted into Continental Army during 1781-82, reported unfit for ser- 
vice; 10th regt. ; age, 32 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; residence, Monson; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported disabled. 

Baker, Rufis, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Stephen Bullock's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 27, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 10, 1778; ser'vice, 1 mo. 16 days. 

Baker, Sam, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Thomas Buruham's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Samuel, Danvers. Private, Capt. Israel Hutchinson's co., whicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Baker, Samuel, Dedham. Private, Capt. William Ellis's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Baker, Samuel, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Samuel, Oxford. Private, Capt. John Town's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxl)ury; service, 6 days; reported enlisted into the 
army ; also, Capt. "William Campbell's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; 
also, company return dated Roxburj-, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Baker, Samuel, Old York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
regt.; musterroU dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 
28, 1775. 

Baker, Samuel, Bolton. Private, Capt. Artemus How's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported enlisted into the army April 
25, 1775; also. Sergeant; receipt for wages for Oct. and Nov., 1776, given to Capt. 
Jonathan Houghton, dated Bolton; also, Corporal, Capt. Joseph Sergeant's co. 
detached from Col. Whitney's and Col. Stearns's regts.; marched on an alarm 
at Rhode Island May 5, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days, under Gen. S])encer ; roll 
sworn to at Boston; also. Sergeant, Capt. Jonatiian Hougliton's co.. Col. Smith's 
regt. [year not given] . 

Baker, Samuel, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Benjamin Haws's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Samuel Cowell's co., Col. L. Robinson's regt.; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776; service, 
2 mos. 4 days; regiment raised in York and Suffolk counties. Roll dated 
Roxbury. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 497 

Bakiu, Samuel, Dedham. Private, Capt. David Fairbanks's co., Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Fair- 
banks's CO., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; marched to Roxbury March 4, 1776; service, 
■i days. 

Baker, Samuel. Lieutenant, Capt. George Rogers's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's (2d 
Cumberland Co.) regt. ; service, 4 days, in Nov., 1775, at fort at Falmouth. 

Baker, Samuel, Dorchester. Capt. Thomas Pierce's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) 
regt. ; return of men in camp at Roxbury, Dec. 16, 1775. 

Baker, Samuel, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's (1st) co.. Col. Benjamin 
Gill's regt. ; service, 1 day, from March 8, 1776, at the taking of Dorchester 
Heights; also, pay roll for service from March 14 to March 26, 1776, 12 days. 

Baker, Samuel, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return of men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Baker, Samuel. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton ; engaged June, 1776 ; reported deserted. 

Bakek, Samuel (or Lemuel). Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., Col. Ephraim 
Wheelock's regt. ; marched to Warwick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; ser- 
vice, 16 days. 

Baker, Samuel, Lincoln. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co., Col. John Robinson's 
regt. ; marched Feb. 4, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 28 days ; also, Corporal, Capt. Moses 
Harrington's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, 
to March 1, 1777; also, list of men enlisted or drafted by Capt. Samuel Farrar of 
Col. Brooks's regt., dated Lincoln, Aug. 14, 1777. 

Baker, Samuel, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Stephen Bullock's co.. Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; roll made 
up to Dec*. 22, 1776 ; service, 14 days. 

Baker, Samuel. Capt. McFarland's co., 4th regt. ; receipt for money due prior to 
Jan. 1, 1776, dated Camp at Mt. Washington; also, Private, Capt. McFarland's 
(7th) CO., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, 
dated North Castle ; reported discharged Nov. 20, 1776. 

Baker, Samuel, Wellfleet. Matross, Capt. John Gill's (6th) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1 to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. George Minott's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 2o days, in 
Northern department. 

Baker, Samuel, Harwich. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co.. Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt.; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 1, 1777; ser- 
vice, 31 days; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Bangs's co., 2d Barnstable Co. regt., dated Feb. 24, 1778; joined Capt. G. Webb's 
CO., Col. Shephard's regt.; enlistment to expire 1780. 

Baker, Samuel. Sergeant, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co.. Col. Pierce's regt. ; enlisted 
March 1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service. 1 mo. 3 days, at Castle Island. 
Roll dated Dorchester. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; marched 
on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778 ; service, 8 days. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
serAice, 3 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Dec. 15, 1778; service, 4 mos. 27 days, at 
Cambridge. 



498 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.YILORS 

Baker, Samvel. Private, Capt. George Webb's co., Col. William Shepard's (3d) 
regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; discharged Nov. 1, 
1778 ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lothrop's'co., Col. Freeman's regt.; ser- 
vice, 2 days, guarding men from the " Somerset," from Barnstal)le to Plymouth ; 
roll dated Barnstable, Nov. 9, 1778. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's (Worcester 
Co.) regt. ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of July 29, 1780 ; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 14 days. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days; also, paj' roll 
for 2 days service; marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 27, 1780. 

Baker, Samuel. Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. David Cobb's (5th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1783 ; reported succeeded by Richard Wood. 

Baker, Samuel, Newburyport. Corporal, Capt. John Roliinson's co.. Col. William 
Turner's regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Ang. 9, 1781 ; discharged 
Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 26 daj's ; enlistment, 5 months. 

Baker, Samuel. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (Uth) regt,; enlisted Jan. 8, 1782; 
roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 11 mos. 23 daj-s. 

Baker, Samuel, Jr., Dorchester. Private, Capt. Abraham Wheeler's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; 
reported enlisted into the armj- ; also, Capt. Elijah Yose's co.. Col. Heath's (36th) 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2 ; «/so, Capt. 
Vose's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
monej-, dated Cambridge, Dec. 22, 1775; also, enlistment agreement dated June, 
1776, signed by said Baker and others, engaging themselves to march to New 
York and to continue in service until Dec. 1, 1776, unless sooner discharged ; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Sumner's co., Col. Ben- 
jamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777 ; joined Capt. William Perkins's co.. Col. 
John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Bombardier, Lieut. John 
Callender's co., Col. Crane's regt.; Continental Armj' pay accounts for service 
from March 17, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Matross, Capt. Perkins's co.. Col. 
Crane's regt.; muster rolls for Sept. and Oct., 1777: reported on command at 
Red Bank in Oct. ; also. Gunner; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1777; reported 
preferred Nov. 1, 1777; also, Bomljardier, Lieut. Callender's co.. Col. Crane's 
regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Providence ; also, Capt. Slewman's co., 
Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 11, 1781; age, 
30 j'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, fair; residence, Dorchester; enlisted 
March 17, 1777, by Capt. Perkins; rank. Corporal; joined Cai)t. John Slueman's 
CO., 3d Artillery regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Baker, Sargent, New Salem. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hamp- 
shire Co. ; age, 33 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; occu- 
pation, blacksmith; residence. New Salem; enlisted March 15, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years; also. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; list of men on a 
wage account from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1782; also, pay roll made up from 
Jan. 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 12 mos. 

Baker, Seth, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Seth. Captain, 11th co. (also 4th co. in Yarmouth militia), 1st Barnstable Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia, dated Sandwich, March 0, 1777; commis- 
sioned March 19 (also given March lOj, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION 499 



Baker, Seth, Berkley. Private, Capt. James Briggs's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; 
marched from Dighton on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 2, 1777 ; dis- 
charged Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days. 

Baker, Seth. Private, Capt. Micah Chapman's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778; service, 3 days; 
also, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 3 days, in Sept., 
1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm. 

Baker, Seth, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Robert Earl's co.. Col. Josiah AVhitney's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 29, 1778 ; roll made up to Sept. 
10, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 13 days. 

Baker, Seth. Privater Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.. Gen. 
Godfrey's brigade ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 
22 days ; marched to Dorchester Heights. 

Baker, Seth, Berkley. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Berkley; arrived at Springfield 
July 18, 1780 ; marched to camp July 18, 1780, under command of Joseph Brown ; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; 
a/so, Private, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; marched July 12, 1780; enlisted 
July 18, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 17, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months ; also, 1st Corporal, 
Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. James Dean's regt. ; enlisted March 8, 1781 ; 
discharged March 14, 1781; service, 6 days ; company detached from Freetown, 
Berkley and Dighton, for the term of 40 days unless sooner discharged. 

Baker, Seth. Marine, sloop "Providence;" list of men entitled to prize shares in 
the "Loyalty " and " Wreck " [year not given]. 

Baker, Seth, 3d, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 177.5 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Sherebiah, Upton. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Sadler's co.. Col. Wheelock's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury; service, 8 days; also, Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
12 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 24, 1775. 

Baker, Shubael, Jr., Yarmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Ensign, Capt. John 
Nickerson's (3d Yarmouth) co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt. ; list 
of officers of Mass. militia; appointed Sept. 29, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
Nickerson's (9th) co., 1st Barnstable Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
chosen by co. April 11, 1776 ; commissioned April 21, 1776 ; also, Capt. Nickerson's 
CO., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; service, 10 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to 
Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm ; also, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. ; marched 
on an alarm at Falmouth Sept. 13, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 17, 1779 ; service, 5 days ; 
company detached from militia. 

Baker, Silas. Private, Capt. Joseph Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted April 29, 1777; discharged May 19, 1777; service, 21 
days; marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Baker, Silas. Private, Capt. John Gleason's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; return 
dated North Kingston, June 26, 1777. 

Baker, Silas. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days. 



500 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Silas. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; service from Oct. 15 to Oct. 17, 1780, 2 days. 

Baker, Silas, Marlborough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July ">, 1778; Capt. 
Cranson's co., Col. Howe's regt.; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, "> ft. ") in.; complexion, 
light ; residence, Marlborough ; also, list of men returned as received by Jonathan 
Warner, dated Fort Arnold, July .3, 1778; aho, Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's 
CO., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; enlisted Nov. 3, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 1 day, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, descriptive list of 
men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 7i in. ; comjjlexion, 
light; eyes, blue; hair, brown; occupation, farmer; residence, Marlborough; 
enlisted April 1."), 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, Silas, Jr., Franklin. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted April 21, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported name afterwards found 
to be Isaac Hathaway. 

Baker, Sim. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battelle's co. ; service from July 2 to July 17, 
1778, 15 days, guarding Continental stores at Watertown. 

Baker, Simeox, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Medford; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Simeox. Private, Capt. .Tames Prentiss's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance from Saratoga home ; approved in Council Jan. 28, 
1777. 

Baker, Simeon, Wellfleet. Matross, Capt. John Gill's (6th) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1 to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Baker, Simeon. Sergeant, Lieut. Thomas Parrat's co. ; service from June 25 to July 
1, 1777, 7 days, at Machias. 

Baker, Simeon. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Snow's co.. Col. George Williams's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; marched from Raynliam to Taunton June 22, 1778; service, 23 days, 
at Providence, R. I., in Col. Wade's regt., under Gen. Sullivan. 

Baker, Simeon. Private, Capt. Elijah Smalley's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 6 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Baker, Simeon. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; marched 
from Wellfleet on an alarm Sept. 10, 1778, by order of Brig. Jos'h Otis ; service, 2 
days, at Falmouth. 

Baker, Simeon. Private, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
service, 3 mos. 3 days, from April 1, 1778 ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Winter 
Hill, June 1, 1778; also, ])ay rolls for service from July 2 to Dec. 14, 1778, 5 
mos. 14 days, at Cambridge. 

Baker, Simeon (also given Simon), Hadley. Return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Samuel Cook's (also given Capt. Smith's) co., 4th Hampshire 
Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; joined Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Watson's co.. Col. 
Greaton's (3d) regt.; Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from March 1, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Joseph Williams's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. 
Greaton's regt. ; muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1779 ; also. Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 1, 1780. 

Bakeu, Simeon. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Pratt's co.. Col. Mitchell's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 501 



Baker, Simeox. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Teabody's co.. Col. Wade's (Essex Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 days; 
enlistment, 3 months; companj- raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Baker, Snow, Pembroke. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Cushing's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177"), from Pembroke (West Parish) to Marshfield ; ser- 
vice, 2 days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Hatch's (8th) co., 2d Plymouth 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Aug. 25, 1778. 

Baker, Solomox, Jericho (Hancock). Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co., Col. Benjamin 
Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 
1775; service, 2 mos. 8 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 28, 1775. 

Baker, Solomox, Beclet (also given Jericho). Private, Capt. Thomas Williams's co., 
Col. John Paterson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 18, 1775; 
service, 13 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Dec. 23, 
1775. 

Baker, Solomox. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 13, 1777; service, 23 days, at 
Stillwater. 

Baker, Solosiox. Private, Capt. William Douglas's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 
7 days, at Bennington. 

Baker, Solomox, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. William Francis's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's 
regt. ; marched to Fort Edward July 8, 1777 ; dismissed Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 7 
weeks ; also, list of men who went to Albany July 10, 1778, and were dismissed 
Dec. 1, 1778; ser-vice, 20 weeks; reported drafted; also, list of men under Lieut. 
Joel Stevens, who marched to New Haven July 20, 1779, and were dismissed Aug. 
25, 1779. 

Baker, Solomox, Edgecomb. Sergeant, Capt. Woodbridge's co., Col. Smith's (late 
Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 16, 
1777, to May 31, 1779; reported deserted; also reported as serving 12 mos. as 
Sergeant, 15^ mos. as Private ; also, Private, Capt. Israel Davis's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's (4th) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp at Valley 
Forge; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Green- 
wich; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, sworn to at Providence; also, Colonel's 
CO., commanded by Captain-Lieutenant Christopher Woodbridge, Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779; reported furloughed April 
11, 1779, for 4 days, by Maj. Porter; also, list of deserters; Lieut. Col. Cahin 
Smith's (13th) regt.; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, 
black; birthplace, Massachusetts Bay; residence, Edgecomb; rank, Private; 
deserted from Capt. Woodbridge's co. June 1, 1779. 

Baker, Solomox. Private, Capt. Brigham's co., Col. Cushing's regt. ; pay abstract for 
2 mos. service at Dorchester, and 3 mos. at New York ; reported as ))elonging to 
alarm list [year not given] . 

Baker, Squire, Marblehead. Capt. Nicholson Broughton's co., Col. John Glover's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 21 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camljridge, Dec. 20, 1775 ; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Col. Jonathan Glover's (5th Essex Co.) regt., dated 
Nov. 7, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; also. Corporal, 8th co., Col. Thomas Nixon's 
(6th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 15 mos. as Private, 19 mos. as Corporal; also, 
Private, Capt. Jabez Lane's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp near 



502 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Sqiire, continued. 

Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Maj. Joseph Thompson's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; 
pay abstracts for June-Oct., 1779; also, Maj. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt. ; pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, return for clothing dated 
Peekskill, Dec. 5, 1779; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to March 1, 1780; reported discharged March 1, 1780. 

Baker, Stephen, Old York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mon's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
5 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Oct.28, 1775. 

Baker, Stephen, Northampton. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co. ; marched to East 
Hoosac Aug. 17, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 7 days. 

B.\ker, Stephen, Harwich. Corporal, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt.; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 1, 1777; ser- 
vice, 31 days. 

Baker, Stephen. Private, Capt. Jonathan Rice's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 20, 1777; service, 3 mos. 4 days, with 
Northern army. Roll dated Sudbury. 

Baker, Stephen. Private, Capt. Zadok Buffinton's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 19, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777, at Cambridge ; service, 3 mos. 
12 days, at the Northward. 

Bakek, Stephen, Berkley. Capt. James Nickols's co.. Col. John Dagget's regt.; 
marched Jan. 10, 1778; service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 
3 months from Jan. 1, 1778. 

Bakek, Stephen, Taunton. Seaman, ship " Resource," commanded l)y Capt. Israel 
Thorndike ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 21, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Taunton. 

Baker, Stephen. Private, Capt. Abel Babbit's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 7 days. 

Baker, Stephen, Marlborough. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Marlborough ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Thomas Pritchard; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of 
Marlljonnigh for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 9, 
1780; discharged Jan. 13, 1781; service, 6 mos. 16 days; also, Private, Capt. 
William Hull's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; muster roll for Nov., 1780; 
enlisted July 13, 1780; reported on duty. 

Baker, Stephen. Private, Capt. Henry Brightman's co., Col. James Dean's regt.; 
enlisted March 8, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 6 days; company 
detached from Freetown, Berkley and Dighton, for the term of 40 days unless 
sooner discharged. 

Bakek, Stephen. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 20, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
5 days, at Rhode Island. 

Baker, Sylvanvs, Yarmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; 
enlisted July 8, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 28 days. Roll 
dated Barnstable. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 503 

Bakkh, Sylvanus, Hardwick. Seaman, brigantine "Hazard," commanded by Capt. 
Simeon Samson ; engaged Nov. 11, 1777; discharged May 20, 1778; service, 6 mos. 
9 days; also, roll for advance pay dated Boston, Nov. 13, 1777. 

Baker, Stlvanus. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt. ; service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm. 

Baker, Stla-anxs, Jr., Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Joshua 
Gray's co. ; enlisted July 8, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 28 
days; roll dated Barnstable; also, Fifer, Cai)t. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ;"marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777 ; 
service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Baker, Thaddeus. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. 

Baker, Theodore, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; roll dated Barnstable; also, 
Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1776 ; roll made up to Aug. 31 , 1776 ; 
service, 14 days, at Tarpaulin Cove, Elizabeth Islands; also, Capt. Grannis's co., 
commanded by Lieut. James Blossom ; pay roll for service from Sept. 1 to Nov. 
21, 1776, 2 mos. 21 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Baker, Theophilus. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 15, 1775 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775. Roll dated Barnstable. 

Baker, Theophilus. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm. 

Baker, Thomas, Colrain. Private, Capt. Hugh McClennen's (McClallen's) co.. Col. 
Samuel Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, from Colrain and Shelburne ; service, 10 days ; reported enlisted 
into the army May 1, 1775; also, Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's (24th) regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, June 27, 1775; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; 
also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Baker, Thomas, Duxbury. Corporal, Capt. Elijah Crooker's co.. Brig. Gen. John 
Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 5 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Baker, TnoArAs, Groton (also given Littleton). Private, Capt. Henry Farwell's co., 
Col. William Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser- 
vice, 18 days ; also, Capt. Samuel Gilltert's co.. Col. Prescott's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775 ; service, 73 days ; reported lost articles 
in battle at Charlestown, June 17, 1775; also, company return dated Cambridge, 
Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Baker, Thomas, Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Edward Bridge Savel's (1st) co., Col. 
Robinson's regt., which inarched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; 
also, Capt. Lothrop's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; company return dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Capt. SaA-ell's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; marched to Dorchester 
Heights on the alarm of March 4, 1770; service, 5 days. 



504 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Thomas, Charlton. Private, Capt. William Campbell's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; aluo, company return dated Koxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Koxbury, Dec. 
21, 1775. 

Bakeu, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Winship's (4th) co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) 
regt. ; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, 
receipts for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, return of men in service 
Jan., 1777, dated Springfield; also, order for wages dated Hartford, Feb. 17, 1781. 

Baker, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Lane's co.. Col. Joseph Foster's regt. ; eidisted 
Jan. 12, 1776; roll made up to Feb. 15, 1776; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Cape Ann; 
also, Capt. Daniel Giddings's co.. Col. Foster's regt.; pay rolls for 9 mos. 2 days 
service from Feb. 15, 1776, at Gloucester. 

Bakek, Thomas, Salem. List of prisoners returned from New York in the schooner 
" Speedwell " Aug. 3, 1777. 

Bakeh, Thomas, Marl)lcliead. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj' from 
Col. Jonathan Glover's (5th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Baker, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. John Bradley's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days; marched to Manchester, Vt., to 
join Northern army. Roll dated Suffolk Co. 

Baker, Thomas, Marlljorough. Capt. Gates's co. ; receipt for mileage, etc., from 
Albany home, dated Marlborough, March 14, 1777 ; also, Private, Capt. William 
Morse's co. of volunteers, Col. Jonathan Read's regt.; enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; dis- 
charged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days; marched to assist Gen. Gates. 

Baker, Thomas. Private, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
15, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 24 da.ys. 

Baker, Thomas, Marlljorough. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Cole's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Oct. 17, 1778; enlistment to expire 
Jan. 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days. 

Baker, Thomas. Private, Capt. Thcophilus Lyon's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's 
regt.; enlisted March 27, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 10 days, at 
Castle Island. 

Baker, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) 
regt. of guards; enlisted April 14, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
19 days, at Caml)ridge; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778; also, muster 
roll dated Boston, May 14, 1778. 

Baker, Thomas. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Jacob (Jerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 16, 1778; service, 12 days. Roll dated 
Winter Hill. 

Baker, Thomas, Oxford. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Lamlt's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted July 13, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 22 days, 
at Rhode Island ; enlistment to exjjire Jan. 1, 1779; roll ilated East Greenwich; 
also, Capt. Samuel Ilamant's co., Col. Wade's regt. ; muster roll dated INIiddleton, 
Aug. 27, 1778 ; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17, 1778 ; also, mus- 
ter roll for Sept. and Oct., dated East Greenwich ; also, muster roll for Jan. -Nov., 
1778, dated Warwick. 

Baker, Thomas, Sherborn. Return of men enlisted into Continentjil Army from 1st 
or 9th CO., Col. Bullard's regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Nathaniel Alex- 
ander's CO., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported 
mustered by Maj. Barber; also, Private, Capt. Alexander's co., Col. Wiggles- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 505 

Bakkr, ThOiMAS, continued. 

worth's rejrt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp at Valley Forge ; reported 
on " weeks command ; " enlistment, during war ; a/so, muster roll for June, 1778, 
dated Camp near White Plains ; also, pay abstract for Oct., 1778 ; also, Maj. John 
Porter's co., (late) Col. Wiggleswortb's regt., conmianded by Maj. John Porter; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779; enlisted April 14 [year not given]; 
reported deserted. 

Baker, Thomas, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Elijah Vose's co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2; also, Capt. 
Vose's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 22, 1775 ; also, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Maj. 
Nathaniel Heath's Getachment of guards ; enlisted May 13, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 
12, 1779; service, 3 mos., at Dorchester Heights; also, descriptive list of men 
raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve 
of June 0, 1780; age, 25 j-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; residence, 
Dorchester; arrived at Springfield July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, 
under command of Lieut. Jackson of the artillery ; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Dorchester for service in the Continental Army during 
1780; marched Juh^ 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 23, 1780; service, 6 mos. 4 days. 

Baker, Thomas. Boy, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. James Nevins; engaged 
May 16, 1781 ; discharged June 12, 1781 ; service, 27 days ; roll dated Boston ; also, 
pay abstract of officers and crew of the ship " Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon 
Samson, dated May 31, 1785. 

Bakek, Thomas Marshall. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., Lieut. Col. 
Nathan Tyler's (3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Jan. 21,1777; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at Providence, 
R. L ; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Robert Taft's co. ; list of men who enlisted for the 
alarm at Bennington of Aug. 21, 1777; also, Captain, 10th co., 3d Worcester Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 30, 1778; also, Col. 
Benjamin Haws's regt. ; company detached for service in Rhode Island from last 
of July to Sept., 1778; engaged for 6 weeks; roll dated Upton, Aug. 26, 1779; 
also, pay roll for service from July 28, 1779, to Sept. 12, 1779, 1 mo. 17 days, at 
Rhode Island; roll dated Upton; also, Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 
18, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
company ordered to Claverack on Hudson River ; roll dated Upton ; also. Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 26, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 16 days. 

Baker, Timothy, Littleton. Private, Capt. Samuel Reed's co., Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 day. 

. Baker, Timotht, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Baker, Timothy, Dedham. Private, Capt. David Fairbanks's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Baker, Timothy, Dedham. Private, Capt. William Ellis's co.. Col. Heath's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Baker, Timothy, Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Brigham's co.,Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 17 days. 

Baker, Timothy. Capt. James Noble's co., Col. Easton's regt.; list of men who en- 
listed May 10, 1775 ; marched to Canada and served until Dec. 30, 1775, 33 weeks 
4 days; enlisted for town of Pittsfield; also. Private, Capt. Noble's co.. Col. 
Benedict Arnold's regt. ; service from May 10 to June 24, 1775, 6 weeks 3 days. 



506 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, Timothy. Private, Capt. Jonathan Minott's co., Col. Baldwin's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Cambridge, Jan. 12, 1776. 

Baker, Timothy. Private, (late) Capt. David Fairbanks's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; 
service, 2 days; company marched to Roxbury March 4, 1776; Capt. Fairbanks 
reported to be of Dedham. 

Baker, Timothy. Private, Capt. Zachariah Fitch's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
pay abstract for service from Aug. 23 to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 9 days. 

Baker, Timothy. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharired April 1, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days; marched to Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 23, 
1777. 

Baker, Timothy. Private, Lieut. James Hubbard's co., Lieut. Col. David Rossiter's 
regt. ; enlisted July 18, 1777 ; discharged July 27, 1777 ; service, 9 days, at the 
Northward. 

Baker, Timothy'. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co., Col. Job Cushing's (Middlesex 
Co.) regt.; marched on an alarm at Bennington July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 
2, 1777 ; service, 8 days. 

Baker, Timothy. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; service, 9 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm. 

Baker, Timothy. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt. ; service, 7 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm. 

Baker, Timothy. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Munroe's co. ; pay abstract for 2 mos. 
26 days service from Jan 7 [year not given] ; also, Capt. Munroe's co.. Col. 
Sprout's regt. ; receipt for wages, etc., dated Stow, July 2, 1779; service in Rhode 
Island in 1778. 

B.\KER, Timothy', Sutton. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Cajit. Burbank's co.. Col. 
Davis's regt. ; age, 16yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. ; complexion, light; occupation, farmer ; 
residence, Sutton; enlisted Felj. 14, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, Timothy, Jr., Littleton (also given Shirley). Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Aaron Jewett's (3d) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th 
Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; joined Capt. Samuel Darby's (2d) co.. 
Col. John Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; aho, Drummer, 2d 
CO., Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 10, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Cajjt. Darby's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men 
in service at A'alley Forge, Jan. 2.'), 1778; also. Private, Cai)t. Thomas Bradford's 
CO., Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to April 17, 1780. 

Baker, Titus, Ipswich. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted March 17, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, "William, New Marl!)orough. Private, Capt. Moses Soul's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 177"), from Sandisfield and New Marlborough; service, 17 days; rt^so, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 8, 177J); service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 177;"); also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 1, 177o. 

Baker, William, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Daniel Rogers's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. 
Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; ser- 
vice, 12 weeks 6 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775 ; age, 20 yrs. ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 507 

Bakkr, William, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co., Col. Dyke's regt. ; 
pay abstract for mileage and travel allowance to and from camp, dated Nov., 1776 ; 
service at Dorchester Heights. 

Bakek, "William, Haverhill. Fifer, Capt. McCohb's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Drummer, Capt. McFarland's 
{7th) CO., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, 
dated North Castle; also, receipt for wages for Dec, 1776; also, Fifer, Lieut. Col. 
Nixon's regt. ; return of men in service Jan., 1777, dated Springfield. 

Baker, William. List of men who returned equipments used in 1776, dated Chatham, 
Feb. 2, 1777. 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. William Watkins's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 
16, 1776; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777; reported on command as a car- 
penter. 

Baker, William, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Job Woodbridge's co.. Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched from Stockbridge on the evacuation of Ticonder- 
oga July 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 14 days, under Maj. Caleb 
Hyde. 

Bakkr, William. Corporal, Capt. William Francis's co.. Col. John Ashley's regt.; 
enlisted July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 13, 1777; service, 23 days. 

Baker, William. List of men drafted by Capt. Simon Hunt to reinforce Continental 
Army, agreeable to directions of Col. Eleazer Brooks, dated Acton, Aug. 14, 1777. 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co., Col. Williams's regt. ; service 
from Oct. 7, 1777, to Oct. 23, 1777, at Tiverton, R. I. Roll dated Rehoboth. 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Berkshire Co. regt., Gen. Fellows's 
brigade ; enlisted July 1, 1778 ; service, 4 mos., at Albany, under Gen. Stark. 

Baker, William. Master at Arms, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Tucker ; engaged Dec. 30, 1778 [service not given] . 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt.; marched on 
an alarm at Rhode Island Oct. 27, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
5 da3"s; enlistment, 3 months; company detached from 1st and 2d Plymouth Co. 
regts. 

Baker, William, Haverhill. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nathaniel Marsh's (1st) co., Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 12, 1778; joined 
Capt. M. Fairfield's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 .years, 
to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also. Sergeant, Capt. Peter Page's co., Col. Calvin Smith's 
(late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 5, 1777, to March 30, 1778; reported promoted to Ensign March 30, 1778; 
also. Corporal, (late) Capt. Fairfield's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; return of 
men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph McNall's 
CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp at Valley 
Forge ; also, Ensign, Col. Smith's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from March 30, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Sergeant, Capt. McNall's co., 
Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 1778 ; also, Capt. Page's co.. Col. 
AVigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; 
reported promoted to Ensign April 1, 1779; also. Ensign, Capt. John K. Smith's 
CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; rt/so, Capt. Smith's (7th) co., Maj. John Porter's (13th) regt.; return 
of officers ; also, return for clothing dated Camp Lower Salem, Aug. 28, 1779. 



508 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. John Hathaway's (Bristol 
Co.) regt., Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the 
alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 7 days. 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; service from Oct. 15 to Oct. 17, 1780, 2 days. 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched to Castleton Ijy order of Gen. Fellows Oct. 14, 1780, on 
an alarm ; discharged Oct. 19, 1780 ; service, 5 days. 

Baker, Willia.'m. Private, Capt. Benjamin Gould's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
(Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 6, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
17 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; 
also, pay abstract for 3 mos. service in 1780, dated Ipswich. 

Baker, William. Private, Capt. William Foord's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; en- 
listed July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Baker, William, East Hoosac. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. ¥aws. Parker's co., Berkshire Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Col. 
Warner's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baker, Williaai, Tyringham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Lankton's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Lee's co., 
Col. Hazen's regt. 

Baker, William, Jr. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Berkshire Co. regt.. Gen. 
Fellows's brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, 4 mos., at Albany, under Gen. 
Stark. 

Baker, Windsor, Scituate. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated 
Jan., 1781; enlisted Dec. 18, 1779, by Capt. Jacob Wales; joined Gth co., 10th 
regt. ; enlistment, during war ; also, Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; 
rolls made up from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783, 2 years. 

Baker, Zach. Private, Capt. Peter Warren's co., Col. Jonathan Mitchel's regt.; 
marched July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 2.5, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days, on 
expedition to Penobscot. Roll dated Falmouth. 

Baker, Zachariah, Falmouth. Capt. David Bradish's co. ; billeting roll from date 
of enlistment. May 16, 1775, to date of marching to headquarters, July 8, 1775, 
equivalent to 53 days; also, Private, Capt. Bradish's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for ))ounty coat or its 
equivalent in monej', dated Fort Xo. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775; also, Capt. 
William Crocker's co.. Col. Mitchell's regt.; pay rolls for service from May 31, 
1776, to Nov. 23, 1776, 5 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Baker, Zebediaii. Sergeant, Lieut. Jeremiah Blanchard's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's 
regt.; enlisted June 12, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos.; enlist- 
ment, 8 months from time of arrival at Peekskill ; also, Capt. David Whittier's 
CO., Col. Poor's regt. ; pay rolls for July, Aug. and Sept., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; 
also, Lieut. Blanchard's co.. Col. Poor's regt.; pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, 
and Jan., 1779, dated King's Ferry. 

Baker, Zebulon, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's (North Hanover) co., 2d 
Plymouth Co. regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Natlian Snow's co.. Col. 
Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedi- 
tion. Roll sworn to at Plvmouth. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 509 

Baker, Zephaxiah. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt. ; service, 9 da.vs, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm; also, Capt. Elislia Hedge's co.; marched on an alarm at Falmouth 
Sept. 1.3, 1779; discharged Sept. 17, 1779; service, 5 days; company detached 
from militia. 

Baker, Ziba, AValpole. Private, Capt. Seth Bullard's co., Col. John Smith's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days; also, Capt. John 
Gay's CO., Col. Ehenezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, 1 
day, sworn to Nov. 29, 1776; also, Capt. Oliver Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin llaws's 
regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 2.5, 1777 ; discharged 
Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days. 

Bakewell-s, Thoma!?. Capt. Ford's co.. Col. Bridge's regt.; order for advance pay 
dated Cambridge, June 6, 1775. 

Bakin, Josiah. Return for rations from May 9 to Oct. 2, 1776, dated Boston, Dec. 9, 
1776. 

Bakin, William, Bradford. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co., Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Bakkus, James, Roxbury. Private, Capt. George Gould's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sergeant's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 1, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 3 days. 

Bakor, Joxadak. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Sibley's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt.; 
enlisted July 29, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Bakor, Solomon. Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. B. R. Woodbridge's regtv; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bakrois, Philo. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt. ; en- 
listed July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at New 
London, Conn. 

Bal, Peter. List of men who received bounty from the town of Newbury for enlisting 
into Continental Army for the term of 3 years, agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780. 

Balam ( ? ) , Michael. Capt. Richardson's co. ; list of men in service during June, 1775, 
as shown on an armorer's account. 

Balantine, William. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt.; muster roll for Jan. -March, 1781, dated West Point; en- 
listment, during war. 

Balar, Abel. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Plimpton's co.. Col. Hawes's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Medtleld. 

Balari), Benjamin. Musician, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-Nov., 1778, dated North Kingston ; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Bal.uii), Joshva. Private, Capt. John Oliver's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
service from Sept. 28, 1777, to Oct. 18, 1777, 28 days ; marched to reinforce North- 
ern army at the reduction of Gen. Burgoyne. 

Balard, Joshua. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 25, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 
days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Belchertown. 

Balakd, Philip, Montague. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Grover's co.. Col. Williams's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days. 



510 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

jj^icij, . [This name also appears under the form of Balsh, Bolch.] 

Baxch, . Captain, Col. Marshall's regt. ; returns for rations dated Oct. 19-Nov. 

23, 1776. 

Balch, Archelavs, Bradford. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co., Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Camliridge, Sept. 6, 1775. 

Balch, Benjamin, Danvers. Lieutenant, Capt. Edmund Putnam's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, Chaplain, Col. Doolittle's 
regt.; company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 0, 1775; also, frigate "Boston," 
commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; engaged Oct. 28, 1778 [service not given]. 

Balch, Benjamin, Landsman. Frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Tucker; engaged Dec. 1, 1778 [service not given]. 

Balch, Caleb, Beverly. 2d Lieutenant, Lieut. Peter Shaw's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Robert 
Dodge's CO., Col. Isaac Smith's regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned March 13, 177G; regiment raised as a temporary reinforcement to serve 
until April 1 [year not given] ; also, Capt. John Woodbury's (4th Beverly) co., Col. 
Henry Herrick's (8th Essex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned April 2, 1776. 

Balch, ConNELius, Topsfield. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Gould's co., Col. John Baker's 
regt., Avhich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Balch, David, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co., Col. John Baker's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Balch, David. Corporal, Capt. John Dodge's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Nov. 12, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at 
Charlestown and Cambridge; also, muster roll for Feb., 1778, dated Winter Hill ; 
companj- detached Nov. 5, 1777, to guard Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

Balch, David, 3d, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Balch, Davis, Jr., Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Balch, Freehohn. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co., Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Dec. 19, 1777; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 
days, at Winter Hill ; also, pay roll for service between Feb. 3 and April 3, 1778, 
1 mo. 5 days, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's troops at Winter Hill. Roll dated 
Bradford. 

Balch, Israel. Private ; list of men returned as serving on inain guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin July 3, 1775; also, Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's (3d) 
CO., Col. Baldwin's (38th) regt. ; pay abstract for Sept., 1775. 

Balch, Israel, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co., Col. John Baker's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. John 
Baker's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 2, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
age, 21 yrs. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 
11, 1775. 

Bai,( H, John. Private, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; regiment de- 
tached from militia of Essex and Suffolk counties to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 511 

Balch, Joseph, Boston. Captain, Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 10, 177G ; also, pay rolls for service from 
date of enlistment, May 9, 1776, to Aug. 1, 1776, 2 mos. 24 days, dated Boston; 
also, 3d CO., Col. Crafts's regt. ; list of officers ; commissioned Oct. 9, 1776 ; also, 
pay rolls for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Feb. 1, 1777, 6 mos.; reported as serv- 
ing Nov., 1776, in colony service, Dec, 1776, and Jan., 1777, in Continental ser- 
vice ; also, return of rations drawn for Cay)!. Gill's and Capt. Balch's cos. at the 
Castle, from Aug. 21 to Nov. 27, 1776; also, returns of officers dated Boston, Nov. 
29, 1776 ; also, official record of a l)allot hy the House of Representatives, dated 
Boston, April 18, 1777; chosen Captain in Col. Crafts's regt.; appointment con- 
curred in by Council, April 18, 1777 ; also, 2d co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; pay rolls for 
service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Nov. 30, 1777, 10 mos. ; also, list of officers commis- 
sioned [year not given] ; reported resigned and place taken by John Ingersoll. 

Balch, Robert, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co.. Col. John Baker's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of Ajjril 19, 177S ; service, 5 days ; also, Capt. Robert 
Dodge's CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay roll for 2 days service, sworn to 
Nov. 29, 1776; marched to camp and home again. 

Balch, Royer(?), Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co., Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
John Dodge's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; enlisted Nov. 12, 1777; 
rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at Charlestown and 
Cambridge. 

Balch, Samuel, Plymouth. Private, Lieut. Stephen Churchill's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
7 days. 

Balch, Samuel. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775 ; also, list of men returned as serving on main 
guard at Prospect Hill under Lieut. Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 16, 1775. 

Balch, Samuel, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
John Baker's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed May 23 (also given May 2), 1775; service, 2 mos. 14 days; also, company 
return [probaV)ly Oct., 1775] ; age, 19 yrs. ; «Zso, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Dec. 11, 1775. 

Balch, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Gould's co.. Col. Wade's (Essex Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted July 8, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company- raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Balch, Thomas, Dedham. Corporal, Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; enlisted July 29, 1779 ; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 5 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Balckom, Daniel, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Moses Knap's co.. Col. Joseph Reed's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day. 

Balckom, David, Norton. Private, Capt. Moses Knap's co., Col. Joseph Reed's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day. 

Balckom, Elias, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Moses Knap's co.. Col. Joseph Reed's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
day. 

Balcom, . [This name also appears under the form of Balcon, Balckom, Balcomb, 

Balcum, Balkcom, Balkcum, Balkoin, Balkum, Bolcam, Bolconi, Bolcum, Bolc- 
kom, Bolhom, Bolkam, Bolkcom, Bolkom, Bolkum.] 



512 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bai.com, Asahel, Sudbury. Corporal, Capt. Aaron llaynes's Co., wliieh inarclied on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cainbridire; service, 3 days; also, Serijeant, Capt. 
Asahel Wheeler's co., Col. Jonathan Head's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 28, 1777; ser- 
vice, 41 days, with Northern army. 

Balcom, Daniel, Attleboroiigh. Private, Cai)t. Thomas Hunt's (Sth) co.. Col. Henry 
Jackson's reijt. ; Continental Army i>ay accounts for service from June 28, 1777, 
to May In, 1779; reported deserted May 1.5, 1779; a/.so, Capt. James Jones's co., 
Gen. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa.; also, pay rolls 
for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, 
dated Pawtuxet; also, pay roll for Nov., 1778; also, pay rolls for Feli. -April, 
1779, dated Pawtuxet; reported on command at Newtown in April; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Balcom, David, Norton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Morey's co., Col. John Daggett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177-) ; service, 5 days. 

Balcom, David. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; ser- 
vice between May 14 and July 6, 1777, 1 mo. o days, at Rhode Island. 

Balcom, David. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamb's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted June 22, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 11 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

B.VLCOM, D.wiD. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 9 days. Roll dated Norton. 

Balcom, Elijah. Private, Capt. Seth Clark's co., Barnstable Co. regt. ; service between 
July 1 and Dec. 31, 177o, 5 mos. 27 days. 

Balcom, Elijah, Douglas. Private, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; reported discharged 
Jan. 27, 1777. 

Balcom, Elijah, Uxbridge (also given Mendon). Private, Capt. Seairaves's co.. Col. 
Read's regt. ; company return dated Sept. 2."i, 177.") ; also, Capt. Japheth Daniels's 
CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from April 13, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated High- 
lands; enlistment, 3 years; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, pay abstract for Jan. -June, 1780; reported 
deserted; also, return for clothing dated Peekskill, Dec. 1, 1780; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781 ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; 
complexion, liglit (also given dark); hair, brown; eyes, liglit ;. residence, Men- 
don; rank, Private; enlisted Jan. 9, 1779, by Lieut. Benjamin Lynde; joined 
Capt. Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; enlistment, during 
war; also, Capt. Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; return for wages, etc., 
for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; reported deserted May 1, 1781. 

Balcom, Isaac. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's (2d) co., Col. Aimer Perry's 
regt.; marched on an alarm at Rhode Island July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 5, 
1780; service, 12 days. 

Balcom, John, Douglas. Private. Capt. Barth'o Woodbury's co.. Col. Learned's regt. ; 
return for billeting; marched from home Dec. 9, 177.5. 

Balcom, John, Sndbury. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; return of men in service at Roxbury [probably 1776] ; also, Capt. Wheeler's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Read's regt.; enlisted Sept. 28, 1777; service, 41 days, with 
Northern army. 

Balcom, Joseph. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard Ma.y 23, 
177."), under Maj. Baldwin. 



TX THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 513 

Balco.m, Joseph, Sudbuiy. Corporal, Capt. David Moore's cc. Col. John Nixon's 
reijt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
1;") days ; reported as serving 2 mos. L") days as Private, 1 mo. as Corporal ; pro- 
moted to Corporal July 3, 1775; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; order for 
advance pay dated Hull, July- 15, 1776; also, pay rolls for service from Aug. 1 to 
Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos. 2 days; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Wheeler's co., Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; 
joined Capt. Holden's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Al)el Holden's (3d) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Nov. 12, 1777; reported promoted 
to Ensign ; also, Ensign, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Nov. 
12, 1777, to Dec's!, 1779; also, 7th co., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; muster roll for 
Nov. and Dec, 1777, dated Albany; also, Capt. Holden's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; 
return for clothing dated Boston, April 30, 1778; a^so, muster roll for 1777-78, 
dated Camp at Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated 
Highlands ; reported sick in general hospital at Fishkill ; also, letter dated "West 
Point, May 5, 1781, signed by Lieut. Col. Smith, recommending said Balcom as 
Lieutenant in his regt. ; commissioned June 15, 1781 ; also. Ensign, Capt. Holden's 
(later Capt. Wottles's) co., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt.; return for wages, etc., for 
Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; reported served as Lieutenant in April; also. Lieutenant, Lieut. 
Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt. ; list of officers dated April 23, 1782 ; commissioned 
April 20, 1781. 

Balcom, Micah, Concord. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Wheeler's co., Col. Eleazer 
Brooks's regt.; enlisted March 4, 1776; service, 6 days; marched to Roxl)ury 
for defence of Boston. 

Balcom, Micah (also given Michael), Sudbury. Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. 
Thomas Marshall's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Hull, July 16, 1776; also. 
Private ; pay rolls for service from June 13, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 19 days. 

Balcom, Micah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Rice's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 24 daj-s, with 
Northern army. Roll dated Sudbury. 

Balcom, Micah, Marlborough. Private, Capt. John Gleason's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; return dated North Kingston, June 26, 1777. 

Balcom, Micah (also given Michae'l), Jr., Sudbury. Private, Capt. Andrew Has- 
kell's CO., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlisted July 4, 1776; roll made up to 
Nov. 1, 1776; also, pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to Dec 1, 1776, 1 mo. 
1 day. 

Balcom, Pelatiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Cole's co., Col. Robinson's regt. [year not 
given] . 

Balcom, Samvel, Douglas. Sergeant, Capt. Barth'o AVoodbury's co.. Col. Learned's 
regt. ; return for billeting ; marched from home Dec. 9, 1775. 

Balco.-m, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonne3*'s co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Chesterfield, March 13, 1777 ; service with 
Northern army at Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Nathan Harwood's co.. Col. John 
Dickinson's regt.; enlisted July 19, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 
15 days ; marched to Manchester on an alarm to join forces under Col. Warner. 
Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Balcom, Samuel, Douglas. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Balcoji, AVilliam. Boy, State ship "Tartar," commanded by Capt. John Cathcart; 
pay roll for service from June 4 to Nov. 11, 1782, 5 mos. 7 days, dated Boston. 



514 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Balcomb, Alexander. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co., Col. George "Williams's 
regt. ; service from Sept. 25 to Oct. 31, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days; marched on a secret 
exjiedition ; also, Capt. Hodges's co., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; service from Julj' 27 
to Aug. 13, 1778, 18 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Balcomh, David, Norton. Private, Capt. Samuel "White's co., Cul. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 18, 1778; discharged Sept. 8, 1778; service, 22 days, on 
an expedition to Rhode Island. 

Balcomb, Elias, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Samuel White's co., Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 18, 1778; discharged Sept. 8, 1778; service, 22 days, on 
an expedition to Rhode Island. 

Balcomb, Is.\^vc._ Private, Capt. Stockwell's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
July 28, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days ; marched to Ben- 
nington to reinforce Gen. Stark. 

Balcomb, Joseph. Lieutenant, Capt. Goodcnow's co., Col. Nixon's regt. [year not 
given] . 

Balcon, JosEni. Lieutenant, Capt. Peter Clayes's (Light Infantry) co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's regt.; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported on 
command in April, 1782. 

Balcum, Daniel. Private, 2d co., 7th regt.; return of men in service Jan., 1783; re- 
ported not mustered but entitled to pay, agreeable to order of Feb. 22, 1783. 

Balcum, Joseph, Sudlmry. Private, Capt. John Nixon's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.'); service, 5 days; also. Ser- 
geant, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 
13, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 1 mo. 18 days. 

Baldan. Selah, Conway. Private, Capt. Oliver's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. ; company 
return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Balden, Isaac, Dunstable. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Balden, Joseph, Maiden. Private, Capt. Stephen Dana's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; arrived at camp May 10, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days. 

Balden, Sajiiel. Private, Capt. David Goodwfn's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted. 
Sept. 30, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days; company de- 
tached to fortif}' posts in and about Boston. 

Balden, Samuel, Maiden. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted July 24, 1779; discharged Dec. 31, 1779; service, 5 mos. 7 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Balden, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. Jolni Hathaway's regt.,^ 
Gen. Godfrey's brigade; enlisted Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 10 days; marched to Dorchester Heights. 

Balden, William, Westborough. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawj'er's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; pay al)stract for mileage, etc., from Westborougli to Dorchester Heights 
[probably in Sept., 1776]. 

Balderage, William, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
1st HoUiston co., dated Feb., 1778 ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Hollis- 
ton ; joined Capt. Orringh Stoddard's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt. ; enlistment^ 
during war. 

Baldewin, Enoch, Newton. Capt. Nathan Fuller's co.. Col. William Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Prospect Hill, Oct. 29, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 515 

Baldin, David, Harvard. Private, Capt. James Myrick's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
reirt. ; enlisted Oct. 6, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days, at 
and about Boston. 

Baldix, Eleazek. Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; en- 
listed July 10, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 16, 1778 ; service, 5 mos. 7 days. Roll dated 
Winter Hill. 

Baldix, Jacob. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) 
regt. ; pay abstract for July, 1780; reported joined July 3, 1780; credited with 29 
days service. 

Baldix, Michael. Private, Capt. John Fuller's co., Col. AVilliam Shepard's (-Ith) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated York Hutts; enlisted Oct. 5, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 }-ears. 

Baldix, Samuel. Capt. Warren's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; discharged 
Nov. 3, 1776 [service not given] . 

Baldixg, Joxathax, Northfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
resolve of June 9, 1779; Capt. Himt's co., Col. Williams's regt.; age, 28 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; hair, black; residence, Northfield; enlistment, 9 months. 

Baldixg, Nathax. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co., Col. Williams's regt. ; pay 
roll for service from Sept. 29, 1777, to Oct. 30, 1777, at Tiverton, R. I. Roll dated 
Rehoboth. 

Baldixg, Oliver. Private, Capt. William Foord's co., Col. John Brown's regt.; en- 
listed July 21, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Baldree, Johx. Private, Capt. Cranson's co.. Col. Whitcomb's (23d) regt.; receipt 
for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill. 

Baldkidge, William. Seaman, State brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. 
Williams; engaged June 30, 1778; discharged Oct. 16, 1778; service, 3 mos. 
16 days. 

Baldridge, Williaji. List of men mustered in SufiFolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777; Capt. Stoddard's co.. Gen. Cush- 
ing's regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Orringh Stoddard's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 15, 1777, to Jan. 15, 1778; 
also, Capt. Stoddard's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 1777, dated 
Camp near Valley Forge ; enlistment, during war ; reported sick at Albany ; also, 
muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated Providence. 

Baldwell, Samuel, Egremont. Private, Capt. John Holms's co.. Col. John Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Baldwex, Samuel, Northbridge. Is^t Lieutenant, Cajit. Benjamin Richardson's co.. 
Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay al)stract for travel allowance to Dorchester Heights, dated 
Nov. 28, 1776 ; credited with 2 days allowance. 

Baldwex, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 6 days; marched 
from Windsor to Shaftesbmy by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Baldvvix, . [This name also appears under the form of Baldan, Balden, Baldwind, 

Baldwine, Balwin, Bauldin, Baulding, Bauldwin, Bawlden, Bawldwin, Bawlwin, 
Bayldind, Boldin, Boldwin, Boldwind.] 

Baldwix, . Captain; list of prisoners taken by Lieut. Gen. Burgoyne, dated 

Albany, Oct. 24, 1777 ; exchanged for British prisoner Capt. Montgomery of the 
9th regt. 



516 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

B.VLDWi.N, . Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co., Col. John Moselej's (Hampshire Co.) 

regt. ; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharsred Oct. 23, 1777; service, 33 days ; marched 
on an alarm by order of Gen. Gates to reinforce Northern army. 

Baldwin, Amos. Private, Capt. "William Cooley's co., Col. John Moseley's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 raos. 1 day. Roll 
dated North Castle. 

Baldwin, Amos. Sergeant, serving as volunteer, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co.. Col. 
David Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; service between June 12 and 17, 1782, 
4 days; marched to quell the mob at Northampton. 

Baldwin, Asa, Spencer. 2d Major, Col. Samuel Denny's (1st Worcester Co.) regt.; 
list of field officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 2, 1776; also, pay roll for 
service from Sept. 27 to Oct. 18, 1777, 1 mo. 8 days; also, paj- roll for 5 days ser- 
vice; marched to reinforce Northern army Aug. 19, 1777; also, 1st Major, 1st 
Worcester Co. regt. ; list of field officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 6, 
1778 ; also, resignation dated Spencer, March 9, 1779 ; accepted in Council, April 
14, 1779. 

Baldwin, Asa, Spencer. Private, Capt. John Cutler's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt.; 
marched Aug. 20, 1781 ; joined regiment at West Point Aug. 28, 1781 ; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 2') days. 

Baldwin, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co., Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, o days. 

Baldwin, Benjamin, Stockbridge (also given Loudon). Private, Capt. William Good- 
rich's CO., Col. John Paterson's regt., which inarched April 22, 177"), in response 
to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 14 days; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

Baldwin, Benjamin, Billerica. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; also, Capt. 
Jonathan Stickney's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day; also, company return 
dated Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Cambridge, Nov. 16, 1775. 

Baldwin, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 5, 1776; service, 21 days, by order 
of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Baldwin, Benjamin, Billerica. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. 
for the terra of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; 
Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Spaulding's regt. ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; resi 
dence, Billerica. 

Baldwin, Benjamin, Billerica. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj' from 
Capt. PMward Farmer's co., 7th Middlesex Co. regt., dated Fel). 16, 1778 ; joined 
Capt. Elijah Danforth's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Private, 7th co.. Col. Nixon's (6th) regt ; Continental Array pay accounts 
for service from April 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. Osgood Carleton's 
invalid corps at Boston, Col. Lewis Nicola's regt.; muster rolls for Sept. and 
Oct., 1779; reported transferred May 1, 1778; a/.9o, Capt. McFarland's invalid 
corps; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; transferred from Col. Nixon's regt. ; reported deceased. 

Baldwin, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co.. Col. John Ashley's regt,; 
marched from Loudon to Stillwater Oct. 15, 1781, on an alarm; discharged Oct. 
26, 1781; service, 11 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 517 

Baldwin, Bexjamix, Jr., Billerica. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stickney's co., Col. 
Eljenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 days; also, company return dated Ser>t. 25, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 16, 
1775. 

Baldwix, Cyrus. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Simpkins's (8th Ward) co.. Col. Henry 
Bromlield's (Boston) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Nov. 
25, 1776. 

Baldavix, David. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co., Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; marched to the Highlands, N. Y., July 15, 1776, on an alarm ; discharged 
July 31, 1776; service, 16 days. 

Baldwix, David, Lancaster. Capt. Andrew Haskell's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Hull, July 15, 1776; also, Private; pay rolls 
for service from June 20, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776 ; service, 5 mos. 13 dajs. 

Baldwix, David. Private, Capt. William Greenleaf's co., Col. Job .Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 7 days. Roll 
dated Lancaster. 

Baldwix, David. Quartermaster Sergeant, Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; engaged Sept. 
21, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 1 day, at Rhode Island. 

Baldwix, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. David Prouty's co., Maj. Asa Baldwin's divi- 
sion, Col. Samuel Dennj^'s (Worcester Co.) regt.; marched Sept. 27, 1777; dis- 
charged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 
Roll dated Spencer. 

Baldwix, Ebexezer. Capt. Azariah Alvord's co., Col. Badlam's regt. ; return for 
clothing dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Baldwin, Eleazer. Private, Capt. John Porter's co., Col. Cyprian How's regt., Col. 
Commandant John Jacobs's brigade; enlisted July 25, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Baldwix, Exoch, Ne^vton. Corporal, Capt. Fuller's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt. ; companj' return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baldwin, Ezra. Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; re- 
turned Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days; company raised to reinforce Northern 
army. Roll dated Granville. 

Baldavix, Ezra. List of men drafted to reinforce the army and to be ready at a 
moment's notice until March 1, 1777, dated Wilmington, Nov. 25, 1776; also, list 
of men who performed two turns of service to the credit of the town of Wilmington 
[year not given] . 

Baldwix, Ezra, Jr. Private, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co.. Col. David Moseley's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; service between June 12 and 17, 1782, 4 days ; marched 
to quell the mob at Northampton. 

Baldwin, Frederick, Spencer. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Eljenezer 
Learned's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Baldwin, Frederick. Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Harrington's co., Maj. Reed's de- 
tachment of guards ; enlisted March 31, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at Rutland. 

Baldwix, Frederick. Private, Capt. Daniel Grout's co., Col. Enoch Hallet's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 11, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 mos. 19 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental .\rmy. 



518 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baldwin, Henrt. Enlistment agreement dated April 26, 1775, signed by said Baldwin 
and others, engaging tbemselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775; Capt. Stearns's co., 
Col. Doolittle's regt. 

Baldwin', Henry, Jr., Slirewsbiiry. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Artemus 
"Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 9 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 11 days ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, 
order for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money dated Dorchester, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Baldwin, Isaac. Gtli Captain, Col. Sargent's regt.; list of officers dated Cambridge, 
April 24, 1775. 

Baldwin, Isaac, "\Vol)urn. Private, 7th co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from June 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; cred- 
ited to town of Billerica; also, Capt. Elijah Danforth's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; 
return of men in service Aug. 15, 1777, dated Camp near Peekskill ; also, Capt. 
Thomas Barnes's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstract for June 
and July, 1779; reported transferred to Lieut. Colonel's co. July 1, 1779; also, 
Lieut. Col. Smith's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts for Aug.-Oct., 1779; 
also, Lieut. Col. Daniel "Whiting's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for Nov. 
and Dec., 1779, dated Soldier's Fortune; also. Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to June 7, 1780; reported discharged June 7, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Baldwin, Jabez. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Harrington's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's 
regt.; enlisted March 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days (probably at Rutland). 
Roll dated Holden. 

Baldwin, Jabez. Private, Capt. "William Tucker's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 12, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 21 days, including 
time to return home. 

Baldwin, Jabez. Private, Capt. Joseph McNall's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's 
regt.; enlisted May 17, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at Tiverton, R. I., on an 
alarm. 

Baldwin, Jabez. Private, Capt. Daniel Grout's co.. Col. Enoch Hallet's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 11, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 mos. 19 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Baldwin, Jabez, Spencer. Drummer, Capt. John Cutler's co., Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; marched Aug. 20, 1781 ; joined regiment at "West Point Aug. 28, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Nov. 28, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 16 days. 

Baldwin, Jacob. Private, Capt. Hewit Root's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 13 days, at Fort 
Edward; also, Capt. Ephraim Fitch's co.. Col. Ashley's regt.; enlisted July 21, 
1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 25 days. 

Baldwin, Jacob. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Dec. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at Claver- 
ack ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to join Continental Army. Roll 
dated Billerica. 

Baldwin, Jacob, Dunstable. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for tlie term of 6 months; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, 
freckled ; residence, Dunstalde ; arrived at Springfield July 3, 1780 ; marched to 
camp July 3, 1780, under command of Lieut. Daniel Frye of the artificers; also, 
l)ay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Dunstalile for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched June 28, 1780; discharged Dec. 9, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 22 days; also, Private, Capt. Matthew Chamljers's co., 6th regt.; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1780, to Dec. 9, 1780, 4 mos. 9 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 519 

Baldwin, Jacob. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co., Col. David Rosseter's regt., Gen. 
John Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 22, 1781; service, 
13 days, under Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Baldwix, Jacob. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co., Col. David Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; service from. June 12 to June 17, 1782, 6 days; marched to quell 
the mob at Northampton. 

Baldwin, James, Wobuni. Private, Capt. Samuel Belknap's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, frona Wot)urn via Concord to Cambridge ; service, 1 
day. 

Baldwin, Ja:«es. Private, Capt. Ephraim Fitch's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 14, 1777 ; service, 37 days; also, 
Lieut. Andrew Loomiss's co., Col. Ashley's regt. ; marched to Ticonderoga Maj' 
31, 1778, on an alarm by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows; discharged June 3, 1778; 
service, 4 days; also, \>a,j roll for service from Oct. 14 to Oct. 17, 1780, 4 days; 
marched on an alarm to Bennington ; also, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ash- 
ley, Jr.'s regt.; service from Oct. 12 to Oct. 23, 1781, 11 days; marched on an 
alarm to Barnes's Heaths in Stillwater. 

Baldavin, Jeduthan, Brookfield. Colonel and Engineer of a regiment of artificers ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, return of officers dated Brookfield, May 11, 1780 [name cancelled on roll] ; 
also, list of officers dated Steenrapie, N. J., Sept. 18, 1780. 

Baldwin, Jeremiah, Billerica. Capt. Solomon Pollard's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. ; 
return of men in camp at Caral)ridge, dated May 1, 1775; also, Private; list of 
men returned as serving on main guard at Cambridge under Maj. Baldwin, May 
15, 1775 ; also, Capt. Jonathan Stickney's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 raos. 1 day; also, company return 
dated Cambridge, Sept. 25, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
mone}-, dated Cambridge, Nov. 16, 1775; also, Capt. Farmer's co., Col. Reed's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 41 days ; company 
marched to reinforce Northern arm}'. 

Baldwin, Joel. Private, Capt. Israel Harris's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; service from Oct. 26 to Oct. 28, 1780, 3 days; marched on an 
alarm to the Northward by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Baldwin, John, Brattleborough. Private, Capt. Moses Draper's co., Lieut. Col. Wil- 
liam Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Pros- 
pect Hill, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Baldwin, John, Weston. Private, Capt. Charles Miles's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Ticonderoga, dated Feb. 16, 1777. 

Baldwin, John. Sergeant, Capt. John Moore's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; discharged July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, 
at Cambridge, guarding troops of convention ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Baldwin, John, Andover. Capt. Charles Furbush's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 30, 1775; also. Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ma.v 27, 1775; service, 2 mos. 10 days; also, 
order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 21, 1775; 
also, Capt. Stephen Abbot's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's (loth) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allow- 
ance from Albany home, dated March 7, 1777; also, Capt. Benjamin Farnum's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 49 days rations from date of 



520 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baxdwin, John, continued. 

enlistment, Feb. 19, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington ; also, Capt. Abbot's 
CO., Col. Tupper's regt. ; muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; reported sick at Andover ; also, Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. I, 1780, to Feb. 19, 1780; reported discharged. . 

Baldwin, John, Ipswich. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baldwin, Jonas, Townsend. Private, Lieut. Daniel Sherwin's co., Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., wliich marclied April 20, 177"), in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Cambridge ; discharged April 23, 1775; service, 5 days; n/so, Capt. James 
Hosley's co. of volunteers, Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 2, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days; company raised in Townsend, 
Pepperell and Ashby to reinforce Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Baldwin, Jos. Volunteer, ship "Deane," commanded by Capt. Elisha llinnian ; de- 
scriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov., 1780; age, 23 yrs. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Massachusetts. 

Baldwin, Joseph, Townsend. Private, Capt. James Hosley's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; dis- 
charged April 20, 1775 ; service, 2 days ; reported marched to Concord. 

Baldwin, Joseph, Maiden. Private, Capt. Hatch's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Maiden, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Stephen 
Dana's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; arrived in camp March 20, 1776; discharged 
April 16, 1776; service, 28 days, at the Lines in Boston. 

Baldwin, Joseph. Private, Capt. James Hosley's co. of volunteers, Col. Jonathan 
Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 9, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 15 
days; company raised in Townsend, Pepperell and Ashby to reinforce Maj. Gen. 
Gates. 

Baldwin, Joseph, Jr., Townsend. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Hosley's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated 
Littleton, May 29, 1777; joined Capt. Hugh Maxwell's (1st) co.. Col. John 
Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 1st co., Col. Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 26, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Maxwell's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men in camp at Valley 
Forge Jan. 24, 1778; also, Capt. Thomas Bradford's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service fi'om Jan. 1, 1780, to May 26, 1780. 

Baldwin, Joshua, Tewlvsbury. Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Brown's co.. Col. David 
Green's regt., whidi inarched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 daj's; 
also. Captain, East Tewksbury (8th) co.. Col. Simeon Spaulding's (7th Middle- 
sex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 31, 1776 ; also, 
petition dated Tewksbury, June 16, 1780, signed Ijy said Baldwin, asking the 
acceptance of his resignation as Captain in Col. Jonathan Brown's (7th Middle- 
sex Co.) regt. ; accepted in Council June 19, 1780. 

Baldwin, Josiah, Paxton. Private, Capt. Phineas Moore's co.. Col. Ephraira Doo- 
little's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 19 days. 

Baldwin, Josiah, Westhamptou. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hamp- 
shire Co. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light; occu- 
pation, farmer; residence, Westhamptou; enlisted May 1, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Baldwin, Levi, Spencer. Private, Capt. John AVoolcott's co. of rangers, which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 12 
days; also, Capt. Green's co.. Col. Learned's regt.; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. David Prouty's co., Col. Job Cushing's (Worcester Co.) 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION 521 

Baldwin-, Levi, continued. 

regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days; 
inarched to reinforce Northern army by order of Gen. Warner; also, Capt. Josiah 
"White's CO., Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; 
service, 3 mos. 4 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce North- 
ern army under Gen. Gates. 

Baldwin, Levi, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's (22d) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 26, 
1775; also, Corporal, Capt. Samuel Healy's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantr.v) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Baldavix, Loajijii, Woburn. 1st Major, Col. David Green's (2d Middlesex Co.) 
regt.; service on the alarm of April 19, 1775, 30 days; also, list of officers dated 
Cambridge, May 11, 1775; returned as serving on picket guard; also. Lieutenant 
Colonel, Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt.; engaged May 19, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 
days; also, Major; list of officers dated Cambridge, May 23, 1775; returned as 
serving on picket guard ; also, lists of officers dated Canil)ridge, May 18 and 31, 
1775, returned as performing fatigue duty ; also, Lieutenant Colonel ; list of officers 
dated July 2, 1775, returned as serving on main guard ; also, list of officers dated 
Camp at Prospect Hill, July 15, 1775, returned as serving on main guard ; also, 
return for wages for Aug., 1775 ; also, petition dated Cambridge, Oct. 20, 1775, 
signed by said Baldwin, asking for commissions for officers in his regiment ; also, 
leave of absence dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 8, 1775 ; 3 days absence afterwards 
extended to 6 days ; allowed by Gen. Heath; a/so. Col. Gerrish's (38th) regt. ; pay 
abstract for rations from July 1 to Dec. 31, 1775, dated Chelsea ; also. Colonel, 26th 
regt. ; paj- abstract for rations from Jan. 1 to April 1, 1776, dated New York ; also, 
receipt for firearms dated Cambridge, April 1, 1776; also, receipt for muskets 
dated Peekskill, Dec. 2, 1776; also, letter delivered at Morristown asking an inter- 
view with Gen. Lee dated Camp at Chatham, Dec. 10, 1776; also, receipt for fire- 
arms dated Trenton, Jan. 1, 1777; also, order for money taken at Trenton, dated 
Chatham, Jan. 12, 1777; also, return for mileage, etc., for the year 1776, dated 
Rowley; also, order for wages dated Wenham, Sept. 1, 1779. 

Baldwin, Micah, Billerica (also given Woburn). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Ai-my from Capt. Edward Farmer's co., 7th Middlesex Co. regt., dated 
Feb. 16, 1778 ; joined Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; 
also. Private, 7th co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; Continental Array pay 
accounts for service from April 9, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Elijah Dan- 
forth's CO., Col. Nixon's regt.; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 
1777, dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas Barnes's 
(Light Infantry) co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstract for June and July, 1779; 
reported transferred to Lieut. Colonel's co. July 1, 1779; also, Lieut. Col. Smith's 
CO., Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for Aug.-Oct., 1779 ; also, Lieut. Col. Daniel 
Whiting's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for Nov-*, and Dec, 1779, dated 
Soldier's Fortune; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to April 9, 1780; reported discharged April 9, 1780; also, return for cloth- 
ing dated Peekskill, Dec. 5, 1780. 

Baldwin, Micah (also given Michael and Mitchell). Account of bounty, dated 
Billerica, Oct. 7, 1781, paid said Baldwin by a class in Billerica for enlisting in the 
Continental Army for 1 year (also given 3 years) ; enlisted Oct. 5, 1781 ; also, Pri- 
vate, Capt. John Fuller's co.. Col. William Shepard's (-1th) regt. ; muster rolls for 
Oct.-Dec, 1781, dated York Huts; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated West 
Point ; enlistment, during war. 

Baldwin, Nathan. Private, Capt. Israel Hix's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt=; 
marched from Rehoboth to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
16 davs. 



522 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baliiwix, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Capt. Soul's) co., Col. Asa 
AVhitconib's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1770 ; enlisted 
Dec. 7, 1775. 

Baldwin, Pomp. Private, Capt. Tay's co.. Col. "Webb's regt. ; warrant to pay officers 
and men dated Nov. 12, 1784. 

Baldwin, Reuben. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1.5, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 daj's, with 
Gen. AVarner's brigade in Northern department; roll dated Dracut; also, Lieut. 
John Flint's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; enlisted June 16, 1778; discharged 
Feb. 11, 1779; service, 8 mos. 9 days, fortifying tiie passes at North Itiver; also, 
Capt. Asa Lawrence's co., Col. Poor's regt. ; pay rolls for June, July and Aug., 
1778, dated Fort Clinton; also, (late) Capt. Lawrence's co., Col. Poor's regt.; pay 
roll for Sept., 1778, dated AVest Point; also, Lieut. Flint's co., Col. Poor's regt.; 
pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated AVest Point. 

Baldwin, Samuel, Spencer. Private, Capt. John AVoolcott's co. of rangers, which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"), from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 
9 daj's; also, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 177n; enlisted April 2"), 177"); service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, com- 
pany return [prol)ably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Iloxbury, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Baldwin, Samuel, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. Col. L. Robinson's 
regt. ; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 4 days ; regiment raised in Suflfolk 
and York counties. Roll dated Roxbur}-. 

Baldwin, Samuel, Maiden. Private, Capt. Benjamin Blaney's co. ; service from 
June 13 to June 16, 1776, 3 days; marched to Point Shirley by order of Gen. 
Lincoln. 

Baldwin, Samuel. Chaplain, Col. John Cushing's regt. ; list of officers who served 
for 15 days in Dec, 1776, on an alarm at Bristol, R. I., dated Scituate. 

Baldwin, Samuel, Northbridge. Private, Capt. Josiah Wood's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 10 days; also. Lieutenant, 
Capt. Barth'o Woodbury's co., Col. Learned's reirt. ; return for billeting ; marched 
from home Dec. 9, 1775 ; also, 2d Lieutenant ; list of officers dated Camp at Rox- 
bury, Jan. 18, 1776; commissioned Feb. 1, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Josiah Wood's (7th) co., 3d AVorcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned July 9, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Richardson's 
CO., Col. Nicliolas Dike's regt., Brig. Gen. Jonathan AVarner's brigade ; marched 
to camp Aug., 1776; return dated Dorchester; company raised for defence of 
Boston; also, return dated Dorchester, Sept. 21, 1776; also. Captain, Col. Dike's 
regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; reported 
stationed at Dorchester Heights. 

Baldwin, Samuel. . Private, Capt. AVilliam Cannon's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
marched to Ticonderoga May 6, 1777; returned July 14, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 
days. Roll dated Blandford. 

Baldwin, Samuel. Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co., Col. John Moselej-'s (Hampshh-e 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 
days; marched on an alarm to reinforce Northern army by order of Gen. Gates. 

Baldwin, Samuel. Private, Capt. David Prouty's co.. Col. Job Cushing's (AVorcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 
days; marched to reinforce Northern army by order of Gen. AVarner; roll dated 
Spencer; also, Capt. Josiah AVhite's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
5, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 4 days; enlistment, 3 months; 
company raised to reinforce Northern army under Gen. Gates. Roll sworn to in 
AA'orcester Co. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 523 

Baldwin, Samuel. Private, Capt. Francis Wilson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 21, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at Claver- 
ack ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army in New York. Roll sworn 
to in Suffolk Co. 

Baldwin, Samuel, Maiden. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; service at Rhode Island in Dec, 1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; service, 
29 days. 

Baldwin, Samuel. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
regt. ; service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 19, 1780, 6 days ; marched from Windsor to 
Shaftesbury; also, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Simonds's regt.; service from Oct. 
20 to Oct. 23, 1780, 3 days ; marched on an alarm from Windsor hy order of Gen. 
Fellows ; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 2G to Oct. 28, 1780, 3 days ; marched 
on an alarm from Windsor bj- order of Gen. Fellows. 

Baldwin, Samuel. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Baldwin, Samuel, Windsor. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Green's co., Col. Barns's regt. ; 
marched to Saratoga Oct. 13, 1781, on an alarm; service, 16 days. 

Baldwin, Simon, Spencer. Private, Capt. John AVoolcott's co. of rangers, which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer ; service, 9 
days; also, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; also, com- 
pany return [probabh' Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Baldwin, Stephen. Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 
9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Baldwin, Stephen. Private, Capt. Adam Henry's co. of guards detached from militia ; 
enlisted Jan. 7, 1779; discharged March 31, 1779; service, 2 mos. 26 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention at Rutland. 

Baldwin, Stephen. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co.. Col. David Moseley's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; service from June 12 to June 17, 1782, 6 days; marched 
to quell the mob at Northampton. 

Baldwin, Thaddeus. Drummer, Capt. Isaac Harrington's co., Col. Samuel Denney's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to march to Claverack to join Conti- 
nental Army. 

Baldwin, Theophilus, Great Barrington. Descriptive list of men enlisted agreeable 
to Act of 1780; Lieut. Person's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 26 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, silver- 
smith ; residence. Great Barrington ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baldwin, Tho.-»ias, Billerica. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Baldavin, Thomas, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Bliss's co., Col. Timothy Walker's 
(22d) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 26, 1775. 

Baldwin, Thojias. Corporal, Capt. Reuben Petty's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged March 19, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 



524 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.\ILORS 



Baldwin, William, Billerica. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stickney's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridfre's ('27th) regt., hich marched on the ahvrni of April 19, 1775; service, 6 
days ; also, Serjeant ; receipt for advance pay dated Canil)rid,i;e, Jnne 26, 1775 ; 
also, Serjieant Major; muster roll dated Aup. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. U days ; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 16, 1775. 

Baldwin, William, Eastham. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return of men in service rom Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Baldwin, William. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Rob- 
inson's (Hampshire Co.) re,!:ct. ; enlisted Jan. 9, 1777; discharged April 3, 1777; 
service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire Marcli 25, 1777. 

Baldwin, William. Sergeant, Capt. Farmer's co., Col. Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 41 days ; company marched to rein- 
force Northern army. 

Baldwin, William. Private, Capt. Josiah White's co.. Col. Jol) Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Northern army under Gen. Gates. 
Roll sworn to in AVorcester Co. 

Baldwin, William. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col, Jacob Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 mos. 12 days, 
with guards at Boston and Cambridge ; company drafted for 6 months. 

Baldwin, William. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrlsh's (1st) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Claverack. 

Baldwin, WiLLiA:\r, Pelham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 30 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Pelham; arrived at Springfield 
Aug. 27, 1780 ; marched to camp Sept. 7, 1780, under command of Ensign Simonds ; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Baldwin, AVilliaji. Petition dated Boston, May 30, 1782, signed by David Masury 
and others, asking tliat said Baldwin l)e commissioned as commander of the 
schooner " Ileyder Ally" (privateer); ordered in Council, May 30, 1782, that a 
commission be issued; also, petition dated Boston, Dec. 31, 1782, signed by Ben- 
jamin Carpenter and others, asking that said Baldwin be commissioned as com- 
mander of the schooner "Thrasher" (privateer); ordered in Council, Dec. 31, 
1782, that a commission be issued. 

Baldwin, Zerubhahkl, Western. Private, Capt. Josiah White's co., Col. Job Cush- 
ing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 4 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Nortliern army under 
Gen. Gates. 

Baldwind, Jokl. Private, Capt. Israel Harris's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; service between Oct. 12 and Oct. 19, 1780, 6 days; marched to 
the Northward on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows. 

B.vLDwiNE, Samuel. Lieutenant, Capt. Bart'o Woodbury's co., Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt.; return of men in service Jan. 18, 1770; engaged to serve until last of Jan., 
1776. 

Bale, John. Seaman ; list of prisoners to be received in exchange for British prisoners 
sent to Halifax in cartel " Swift," dated Oct. 9, 1777; exchanged for William 
Croghe, Seaman. 



TX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 525 

Bale, Ju's. Private, Capt. Edward Grow's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; roll made up 
for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 daj's; company raised 
in York. 

Bale, Josiah. Corporal, Capt. Edward Grow's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; roll made 
up for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 days; company 
raised in York. 

Balk, Thomas. List of men from Rhode Island who enlisted into Col. Sherburne's 
regt., having l)een pi'cviously paid hy Lieut. Alexander for enlisting for 15 months 
for State of Rhode Island; list dated Bristol, July 28, 1777. 

Bale, William, Belchertown. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to order of 
court of June 227 1780; Capt. Dwight's co. ; age, 35 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Belchertown; enlistment, 3 months. 

Baless, Timothy. Private, Capt. Benjamin Read's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 12, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
8 da.ys, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Baley, Abijah, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Samuel White's (7th) co.. Col. John 
Dagget's (Bristol Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury ; service, 4 days. 

Baley, Abijah. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Grover's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (4th Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 4 days; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780. Roll sworn to at 
Attleborough. 

Baley, Alexander. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. 
Williams ; engaged Nov. 20, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 20, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Baley, Amariah. Private, Capt. Silas Goodrich's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day; 
marched by order of Gen. Gates. 

Baley, Bexjamix, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Samuel White's (7th) co.. Col. John 
Dagget's (Bristol Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury ; service, 9 days. 

Baley, Bexjamix, Lunenburg. Private, Capt. Stearns's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. ; 
company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baley, Bexjamix. Private, Lieut. John Dean's co.. Col. John Daggett's (4th Bristol 
Co.) regt.; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
25 days. 

Baley, Bexjamix, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Pawlet Sept. 5, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 27 days. 

Baley, Bexjamix. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Grover's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (4th Bris- 
tol Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 4 days; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780. Roll dated Attleborough. 

Baley, Bexjamix, Pownalborough. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year 
not given] ; residence, Pownalborough; enlisted for town of Newbury. 

Baley, Bexjamix, Jr., Bolton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Arm}- from 
Capt. David Nurse's co., Col. Whitney's regt., dated Jan. 2, 1778; joined Capt. 
Willington's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baley, Bexoni. List of men reported as belonging to the alarm list of Capt. Benjamin 
Munroe's (6th) co., 4th regt., dated Dec, 1776; age, between 50 and 60 yrs. 



526 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SMLORS 

Baley, C^sar, Deerfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 32 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
Tin.; complexion, black; hair, black; occupation, fanner; residence, Deerfield; 
enlisted April 3, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baley, Daxiei,, Pownalhorougli. Corporal, Capt. Josiali Stearns's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's (24th) regt.; company return dated Winter Hill. Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 11, 
177ri. 

Baley, Daxiel, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Jolin Minot's co.. Col. Josiah "Whitney's 
regt.; arrived at Rhode Island Ma.v 17, 1777; discharged July 9, 1777; service, 2 
mos. 2 days. Roll dated Warwick Neck. 

Baley, David, Methuen. I'rivate, Capt. Joliii Davis's co., Col. James Frye's regt.;, 
company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 5, 1775; enlisted Feb. 14, 1773. 

Baley, Didley, Metliuen. Private, Capt. John Davis's co., Col. James Frye's regt.;. 
company return tlated Camlmdge, Oct. '), 1775; enlisted Feb. 14, 1775. 

Baley. Ehexezer, Bolton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778;, 
Capt. Nurse's co., Col. Whitney's regt.; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, 
light; residence, Bolton. 

Baley, Ekenezer. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; service 
from Oct. 31 to Dec. 1, 1778. 

Baley, Ekenezer, Bridgewater. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. [year not 
given] ; Capt. John Ames's co., Col. Gates's regt.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 
1779. 

Baley, EmvARB, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's (2()th) regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Baley, Edward, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Durfee's co.. Col. Pope's regt.;. 
enlisted Dec. 7, 1776; discharged Dec. 19, 1776; service, 12 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Baley, Elijah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Honney's co.. Col. Dickinson's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 22, 1777; service, 8 days, at Bennington. 

Baley, Elijah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Baley, Elijah, Chesterfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature^ 
5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light ; hair, light; occupation, farmer ; residence, Chester- 
field; enlisted March 15, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baley, Eliphalet, Sherborn. Private, Capt. BuUard's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baley, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co., Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 24, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedition. Roll sworn to at 
Plymouth. 

Baley, Enoch. Sergeant, Ensign Jabez Barney's co., Col. William S. Smitli's regt. ; 
service from Oct. 31 to Dec. 1, 1778, 1 mo. [Name crossed out on roll.] 

Baley, Ezekiel. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted April 1, 1778; roll made up to July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 4 days. 

Baley, George. Private, Capt. Benjamin Adams's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted' 
Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos., in Northern department. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 527 

Balet, George. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 19, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; ser\-ice, 4 mos. 28 days. 

Balet, Henry. Private, Capt. Moses Montague s co., Col. Israel Chapin's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Balet, Hudson, Falmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Thomas's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 26, 1778; mustered by Col. Varrick. 

Balet, Isaac, Nantucket. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Barn- 
stable Co., dated May 10, 1778; residence, Nantucket; enlisted for town of 
Barnstable ; joined Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 
9 months, to expire Jan., 1780. 

Balet, Israel, Stoughton. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Penniman's co.. Col. Francis's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance sworn to in Suffolk Co., Nov. 29, 1776. 

Balet, James, Andover. Private, Capt. Benjamin AValker's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge'* 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
17 days. 

Balet, James. Capt. John Black's co. ; order for cartouche box, signed by Col. 
Jonathan Brewer, dated Cambridge, June 23, 1775. 

Balet, James. Fifer, Capt. Carpenter's co., Col. Simeon Gary's regt.. Gen. John Fel- 
lows's brigade; service, 5 mos., at New York and White Plains; dismissed Dec. 
1, 1776. 

Balet, James, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Josiali Whitney's 
regt.; arrived at Rhode Island May 17, 1777; discharged July 9, 1777; service, 2 
mos. 2 days. Roll dated Warwick Neck. 

Balet, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. 
Roll sworn to at Andover. 

Balet, James, Barre. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Benjamin Nye's and Capt. William Henry's cos., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated 
Dec. 29, 1777 ; joined Capt. Shattuck's co.. Col. Brewer's re.trt. ; enlistment, dur- 
ing war. 

Balet, Jeremiah. Receipt for bounty paid him by Joseph Whiting of Class No. 1 of 
the town of Franklin to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Boston, April 16, 1782. 

Balet, Joel, Hollis. Capt. Archelaus Towne's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 20, 1775. 

Balet, Johx, Tewksburj-. Capt. Benjamin Walker's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ;. 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 6, 1775; also, Private; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days. 

Balet, Johx, Maiden. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Maiden for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Nov. 6, 1780; discharged 
May 17, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 11 days. 

Balet, John, Manchester. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later 
Baldwin's) 38th regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 5 weeks 2 days; also, muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1775; reported trans- 
ferred to Capt. Mial's co. June, 1775; also, Capt.Haffield White's co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's (5th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point. 

Balet, Johx, Greenwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Greenwich;, 
enlisted April 4, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 



528 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Baley, John-, Greenwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 49 (also given 46) 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, blue; occupation, 
yeoman (also given farmer) ; residence, Greenwich ; enlisted for town of Danvers ; 
enlisted April 3, 1781; joined Capt. "Watson's co., 3d regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Private, Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; 
muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated 
Continental Village; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated Highlands; 
a/so, Capt. William AVatson's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. Milieu's (3d) regt.; muster 
roll for Dec, 1782; also, Capt. James Tisdale's (4th) co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
(3d) regt.; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1783; «/so, 3d co., 3d regt.; reported 
discharged Oct. 11, 1783, for inability. 

B.\LEY, John, Woolwich. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; residence, Woolwich ; enlisted for town of Newburyport. 

Balet, John, Jr., Bridgewater. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 21, 1781; 
Capt. Watson's co., 3d regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, o ft. 1 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, light; ej'es,gray; occupation, farmer; residence, Bridgewater ; enlisted Jan. 
25, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Al)raham Watson's co.. Col. 
John Greaton's (3d) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also, 
muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Peekskill ; reported on command in New Jersey ; 
also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; reported on com- 
mand with forage magazines; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated 
Highlands ; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts, New Boston ; also, Capt. 
William Watson's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. Milieu's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 
1782; also, Capt. James Tisdale's (4th) co., Col. Michael Jackson's (3d) regt.; 
muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1783; also, 3d co., 3d regt. ; reported discharged 
Oct. 28, 1783, term of enlistment having expired. 

Balet, Jonas. Capt. White's co. ; receipt for wages dated Lancaster, Marcli 11, 1776; 
service from Dec. 8, 1775, to Jan. 17, 1776. 

Balet, Jonas, Lancaster. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 7, 1778 ; Capt. 
Ager's CO., Col. Whitney's regt.; age, 26 yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, dark; 
residence, Lancaster. 

Balet, Jonathan, Lancaster. Ensign, Capt. Daniel Robbins's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comlj's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
returned May 1, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Baley, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Job Shattuck's co., Col. Jolm Robinson's regt. ; pay 
roll dated Cambridge, March, 1776; service, 6 days. 

Balet, Jonathan, Townsend. Private, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; arrived at Rhode Island May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 9, 1777 ; service, 2 
mos. 10 days. Roll dated Warwick Neck. 

Balet, Jonathan, Billerica. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 19, 1778; 
Capt. Turner's co., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; resi- 
dence, Billerica. 

Balet, Jonathan, Lancaster. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778 ; Capt. 
Sawyer's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; age, 44 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 1 in. ; complexion, 
dark ; residence, Lancaster. 

Balet, Joseph, Roxbury. Private, Capt. Moses Whiting's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days ; also, Capt. 
AVhiting's CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt. ; company return dated Fort No, 2, Cam- 
bridge, Oct. 5, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1775. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 529 

Bal?:y, Joseph, Kinderhook. Private, Capt. Whiting's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 177o. 

Balet, Joseph. Private, Capt. Stephen Badlain's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt. ; 
return of men in service [probably between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Baley, Joseph, Rochester. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's (3d) co.. Col. Sprout's 
regt. ; marched to Bristol, K. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 9 days. 

Bai.et, Joseph, Lancaster. Capt. John Jones's co.. Col. Ephraini Doolittle's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also, Private; company 
return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 14, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Manasseh Sawj^er's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., 
dated Worcester, Feb. 17, 1778 ; joined Capt. Samuel Foster's co., Col. John 
Greaton's (2d) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Baley, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; service from Sept. 28, 1777, to Oct. 31, 1777, 35 days ; marched on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. 

Baley, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards ; service between Dec. 10, 1777, and March 1, 1778, 2 mos. 14 days, 
at Dorchester. 

Baley', Joseph. Corporal, Capt. John Burnam's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; 
return dated April 9, 1779. 

Baley, Joseph. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. McCobb's regt. ; enlisted 
June 10, 1781 ; roll made up to Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 5 mos. 20 days, near Penob- 
scot River. 

Baley, Josiah, Lancaster. Private. Capt. Daniel Robbins's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; returned May 
1, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Baley, Levi. Private, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt.; com- 
pany detached to guard forts in and about Boston Sept. 25, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 
31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days. 

Baley, Matthew. Private, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., Suffolk Co. regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 1, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at Castle Island, 
under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Baley, Moses, Wenham. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt. ; enlisted April 25, 1777 ; service. 2 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Warren. 

Baley, Nathax. Sergeant, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co.. Col. William Jones's 
regt.; service, 2 days, in retaking mast-ship "Gruell" and guarding same; roll 
dated New Castle, Sept. 15, 1777- 

Baley, Nathax. Private, Capt. Eaton's co., Col. Johnson's regt.; service from Aug. 
15 to Oct. 15, 1777, 2 raos. 

Baley, Nathax, Tewksbury. List of men drafted from the militia to march to Horse 
Neck under Col. Brooks [year not given] ; drafted to serve in Capt. Kidder's co. ; 
reported failed to join regiment. 

Baley, Nathaniel. Quarter Gunner, Capt. William Ellery's (1st) co. ; enlisted June 
22, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1770; service, 6 mos. 10 days, at Gloucester. 

Baley, Noah, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Solomon Kidder's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; 
company retm-n [year not given] ; stationed at White Plains. 



530 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Baley, Robert, New Gloucester. Sergeant, Capt. Merrill's co., Col. Phinney's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 15, 1775. 

Baley, Roland. Private, Capt. Seth Pratt's co.. Col. James Williams's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 10, 1780; service, 8 days, at Tiverton, K. I., on an 
alarm. 

Baley, Samuel, Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co., Col. William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Baley, Samvel, Lancaster. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Rohbins's co., Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
returned May 1, 1773; service, 14 days. 

Baley', Samvel, Tewksbnry. Private, Capt. Benjamin Walker's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1773; service, 
3 mos. 11 days. 

Baley, Samvel, Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's (West Needham) co., Col. 
William Mcintosh's regt. ; service, 4 days, in March, 1776, in taking and fortify- 
ing Dorchester Heights. 

Baley, Samuel. Drummer, Lieut. John Dean's co.. Col. John Daggett's (4th Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 20 days. 

Baley, Samuel, Stoughton. Matross, Capt. John Gill's (6th) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1 to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Baley, Samuel. Private, Capt. Seth Sumner's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; marched 
April 17, 1777 ; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; roll dated Dorches- 
ter; also, Capt. Aaron Smith's co., Col. Gill's regt.; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 9 days ; marched tu reinforce Northern army ; reported deserted Oct. 
23, 1777. 

Baley, Samuel. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co., Col. John Daggett's regt.; enlisted 
Jan. 12, 1778; discharged March 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 20 days, under Maj. 
Gen. Spencer on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company drafted for 3 months. 

Baley, Samuel. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; service from 
July 27 to Aug. 13, 1778, 18 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Baley, Samuel, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
John Ford's (14th) co., Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated FeB. 
16,1778; enlisted for town of Pembroke; joined Capt. Benjamin Burton's co., 
Col. Henry Sherborn's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Baley, Samuel. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middlesex Co. 
[year not given] ; enlisted for town of Lincoln. 

Baley, Seth. Sergeant, Capt. John Ames's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; marched 
to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 9, 1776 ; service, 15 days. 

Baley, Seth. Private, Capt. Seth Pratt's co., Col. James Williams's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 10, 1780 ; service, 8 days, at Tiverton, R. I., on an 
alarm. 

Baley, Siiukael, Leominster. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 20, 1778; 
Capt. Joslin's co.. Col. Stearns's regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Leominster. 

Baley, Shumael. Private, Lient. James Tisdale's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; 
muster roll for Aug., 1778, dated White Plains; enlisted Jan. 16, 1778; enlist- 
ment, 9 months. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 531 

Balet, Shubael. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Oct. and 2sov., 1781 ; enlisted Jan. 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 
years; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, sworn to at West Point. 

Baley, Silas, Bolton. Major, Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; service, 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; marched by order of Council of July 21, 1777 ; also, pay 
roll for 7 days service on an alarm at Bennington by order of Commandant of 
Worcester Co. brigade, dated Aug. 19, 1777 ; roll dated Harvard, Feb. 24, 1778. 

Baley, Stephen, Westminster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co., Col. John 
Jacobs's regt.; enlisted June 26, 1778; service, 6 mos. 10 days; also, muster roll 
for Jan. -Aug., 1778, dated Freetown; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, 
muster roll for Jan. -Oct., 1778, dated Freetown. 

Baley-, Stephen', Fitchburg. Private, Capt. Fuller's co.. Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Baley, Thomas, Haverhill (probably) . Private, Capt. Timothy Eaton's co., Col. John- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5^ days. 

Baley, Timothy. Capt. Joseph Stebbins's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Baley", William. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; enlisted April 13, 1776; 
roll made up to Nov. 24, 1776; service, 7 mos. 12 days, at Falmouth. 

Baley, William. Private, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted July 19, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 14, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 28 days. 

Baley, William. Private, Lieut. Joseph McLellan's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 6, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 15, 1781 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at the East- 
ward ; company detached by order of Gen. Wadsworth to serve out balance of 8 
months term. 

Baleys, London, Dighton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Bristol Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778 ; Col. 
Pope's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, black ; residence, 
Dighton. 

Baxies, Robert, Xorthborough. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Brigham's 
CO., Col. Cushing's regt.; age, 35 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; 
occupation, cordwainer; residence, Northborough ; enlisted May 5, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Balis, Edward, East Hoosac. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Enos Parker's co., Berkshire Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. War- 
ren's CO., Col. Bayley's regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Balis, London. Capt. Bates's co.. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; list of men court-mar- 
tialed; tried Feb. 24, 1782, by regimental court-martial, Capt. Mills, President; 
charged with killing a hog for an inhabitant; sentence, 100 lashes; pardoned; 
also, Capt. King's (also given Capt. Hastings's) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
list of men discharged; discharged June 10, 1783, by Gen. Washington, term of 
enlistment ha-ving expired ; reported servant to an officer. 

Balkcom, Bezaleel, Douglas. Private, Capt. Jonathan Carriel's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Hull, Sept. 23, 
1776; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 4 days service in Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Balkcom, David, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Robinson's co.. Col. Wade's 
regt.; enlisted June 21, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 22 daj-s, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; reported 21 days levies. 



532 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Balkcom, David, Norton. Private, Capt. John Allen's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 

(Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Balkcoji, David. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm Aug. 4, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; 
service, 7 days. 

Balkcom, Elijah. Drummer, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm July 81, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; 
service, 10 days. 

Balkcom, Jacob. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm Aug. 4, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; 
service, 7 days. 

Balkcom, Samiel, Plantation No. 5. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. John 
Patterson's regt.; nmster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 177'T; service, 
2 mos. 27 days. 

Balkcom, William. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm Aug. 4, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; 
service, 7 days. 

Balkcum, Bezaleel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Carriel's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; service from Aug. 1 to Nov. 1, 1776, 3 mos. Roll dated Hull. 

Balknat, Abel, Lynn. Private, Capt. Newhall's co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1773: enlisted May o, 1773; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

Balkxap, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joshua Shaw's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discliarged Aug. 27, 1779: service, 1 mo. 
9 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Monson. 

Balkom, Micah, Sudbury. Capt. Benjamin Munroe's co. ; list of men dated Jan. 21, 
1778; reported deserted. 

Balkum, Elijah, Uxlmdge. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Samuel Read's co., dated March 6, 1778; joined Capt. Daniels's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt. ; enlistment to expire 1780. 

Ball, . [Tliis name also apiiears under tiie form of Bal, Baul, Bawl, Boll, Bull.] 

Ball, Aaron. Private, Capt. Thomas Lord's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 1, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 20, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 27 days, at the taking of 
Gen. Burgoyne ; reported marched from Tarrytown to Athol homeward. 

Ball, Aaron. Private, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) regt.. 
Gen. Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 8 days, at Claverack. Roll dated Petersham. 

Ball, Abijah, Taunton. Corporal, Capt. Joshua Wilhore's co., Col. Josiah Whitne.v's 
regt. ; service, 1 mo. 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched to Provi- 
dence, R. I. ; roll made up agreeal)le to order of Council of April, 1777. 

Ball, Abijah, Taunton. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co., Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Camp at Hull, June 18, 1776 ; 
also, pay rolls for June-Nov., 1776; (ilso, Capt. Icliabod Leonard's co., Col. John 
Hatliaway's regt. ; service, 20 days, in April, 1777 ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., 
by order of Brig. Gen. Godfrey ; also, list of men mustered in Bristol Co. by 
James Leonard, Muster Master, dated Sept. 16, 1777; Capt. James Cooper's co., 
Col. Bradford's regt.; reported drafted f(n- 8 months Sept. 5, 1777; also, Capt. 
Josiali King's co., Col. John Daggett's regt.; enlisted Aug. 2."), 1778; discharged 
Sept. 1. 1778; service, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 533 

Ball, Aiujah. Capt. Nelieuiiah Pratt's co., Col. Mitchell's (Bristol Co.) regt., com- 
manded by Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrej-'s brigade; marched to 
Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days. 

Ball, Abner, Fitzwilliam. Private, Capt. Oliver Capron's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 177."); service, 
21 da3-s; also, company return [prol)al)ly Oct., 177-5]. 

Ball, Abner. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. Cyprian How's (Middle- 
sex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, .3 mos. 
7 days. 

Ball, Abraham, Templeton. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knolton's co., Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 10 da3's. 

Ball, Abraham, Upton. Private, Capt. Stephen Sadler's co.. Col. Wheelock's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Rox- 
bury ; service, 8 days. 

Ball, Abraham, AVestborough. Private, Capt. Moses Wheelock's co.. Col. Jonathan 
AVard's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 15 days; also, company return [probabh^ Oct., 1775]. 

Ball, Adonijah. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
11 days; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages, etc., dated Athol. 

Ball, Benjamin, Concord. Private, Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 24 days ; also, com- 
pany return dated Sept. 30, 1775; reported deceased. 

Ball, Benjamin, Westborough. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Maj. Gen. 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; 
reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Moses Wheelock's co., Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 15 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 177.5]. 

Ball, Benjamin. List of men in service at Ticonderoga, in 1776. 

Ball, Benjamin. Corporal, Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 17 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Ball, Benjamin, Dracut. Private, Capt. Vamam's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 1, 1780; 
reported discharged. 

Ball, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Porter's co., Col. Cyprian How's regt.. Col. 
Commandant John Jacobs's brigade; enlisted July 25, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Ball, Benja:\iin, Townsend. Sergeant, Capt. James Hosley's co., Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 
9 days; reported enlisted into the army April 27, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
Henrj' Farwell's co., Col. William Prescott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted April 25, 1775 ; service, 98 days ; also, company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; also, list of officers ; commissioned June 25, 1775; also, Capt. Hugh 
Maxwell's (1st) co.,Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Feb. 23, 1778; reported resigned Feb. 23, 1778; 
also, return dated Camp near Valle3- Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Ball, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Daniel Bowker's co., Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 18, 1781; discharged Nov. 30, 1781; service, 3 mos. 22 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 



534 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ball, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Jonathan Houghton's co., Col. Smith's regt. [year 
not given]. 

Ball, Benjamin Gott, Chesterfield (also given Brookfield). Private, Capt. Robert 
Webster's co.. Gen. Poinroy's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to 
the alarm of April 19,1775; service, 6 days; reported enlisted into the army; 
also, Capt. Robert Webster's co., Col. Fellows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1. 
1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 3 nios. 12 days ; also, company return dated 
Dorchester, Oct. 8, 1775; reported went to Quebec Sept. 9, 1775; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Arnn- from Cai)t. Newell's (7th) co.. Col. James 
Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; joined Capt. Reuben 
Slayton's CO., Col. William Shepard's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Field's co.. Col. Sheppard's (ith) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 
20 mos. 19 days as Corporal, 14 mos. 11 days as Sergeant; also, Capt. Slayton's 
CO., Col. Shepard's (3d) regt.; muster return dated Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778; 
also, muster roll for July and Aug., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; also. Ser- 
geant; muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Providence; also, receipt for 
wages dated Brookfield, April 14, 1779; also, Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on command 
at Boston Neck; also, receipt for wages dated Brookfield, June 13, 1779; also. 
Colonel's co.. Col. Sheppard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return dated AVest Point, Jan. 28, 1780; 
also, return for gratuity dated Highlands, Fel). 24, 1780 ; also, Capt. James Cooper's 
CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point ; reported 
on command with infantry ; also, Capt. Lebbeus Drew's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; 
muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; reported on command 
with infantry; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; reported on command with light 
infantry; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; reported 
on command with infantry; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781; also, 
muster rolls for Dec, 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts ; re])orted on furlough 
in Dec, 1781. 

Ball, Boston, Concord. List of men raised in Middlesex Co. agreeable to resolve of 
June 9, 1779, as returned by Joseph Hosmer, Superintendent, Nov. 24, 1779. 

Ball, Briggs, Concord. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's co., Lieut. Col. Sam- 
uel Peirce's regt.; enlisted May 17, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
18 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Tiverton, R, I. ; also, Capt. 
Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 12, 1779; dis- 
charged Dec. 22, 1779; service, 5 mos. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ball, Briggs. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F.Williams; 
engaged March 6, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. 

Ball, Charles. Sergeant, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted April 26, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 27, 1780; service, 8 mos., with guards at Springfield; enlistment, 8 
months. 

Ball, Daniel. Enlistment agreement dated April 26, 1775, signed by said Ball and 
others, engaginir themselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775; joined Capt. Stearns's 
CO., Col. Doolittle's regt. 

Ball, Daniel, Shrewsl)ury. Private, Capt. Roliert Andrews's co., wliich marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Slirewsbury (2d Parish) to Caml)ridge; service, 
9 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Jona- 
than Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 11 days; also, comi)any return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its etiuivaleiit in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 13, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 535 

Ball, Daniel, Williamsburg (also given Spencer). Private, Capt. Aljel Thayer's co., 
which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 3^ days; also, Capt. Joel Green's co., Col. Ehenezer Learned's regt.; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; also, 
company return [probal)ly Oct., 1775]; reported went to Canada; also, Capt. 
Jonathan Carriel's co.. Col. Josiah 'Whitney's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated 
Point Siiirle>-, June 13, 1776; also, pay rolls for service from May 17, 1776, to 
Nov. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 15 days, dated Hull; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 4 days service 
in Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Ball, Daniel. Private, Capt. Ehenezer Ingoldsby's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 28 days. 

Ball, Daniel, Spencer. Private, Capt. David Prouty's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 28, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 8 days; company marched to reinforce Northern army by order of Gen. 
AVarner; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the term of 
9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7 (also given June 19), 
1778; Capt. Prouty's co., Col. Denny's regt.; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; 
complexion, dark ; residence, Spencer ; reported mustered May 9, 1778, by Thomas 
Newhall, Muster Master. 

Ball, Daniel, Stockbridge (also given West Stockbridge) . Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Increase Hewins's co. ; joined Capt. John 
Chadwick's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported 
mustered by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 
1, 1778; also. Private, Capt. Means's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; Conti- 
nental .\rmy pay accounts for service from May 10, 1777, to July 1, 1778 ; reported 
deserted July 1, 1778; also, muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778; reported on com- 
mand at Albany. 

Ball, Damrel, Spencer. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Bemiss's co., Col. 
Washburn's regt.; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, Spencer; enlisted Jan. 12, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ball, Ebenezer, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; 
also, companj- return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated RoxVmry, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Ball, Ebenezer, Hollis. Private, Capt. Reuben Dow's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 
daj's ; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Ball, Ebenezer, Townsend. Private, Capt. James Hosley's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; dis- 
charged May 7, 1775; service, 21 days; also, Capt. Henrj' Haskell's co., Col. 
Prescott's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Camp at Cambridge, Jan. 
13, 1776. 

Ball, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Job Shattuck's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt. ; pay 
roll dated Cambridge, March, 1776 ; service, 6 days. 

Ball, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt. ; 
muster roll dated North Kingston, Dec. 18, 1777; enlisted Aug. 1, 1777; enlist- 
ment to expire Jan. 1, 1778 ; returned by Andrew Brown, Deputy Muster Master; 
also, pay roll for Aug. and Sept., 1777, sworn to at Groton. 

Ball, Ebenezer, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Thomas Fish's co., Col. William Shep- 
ai'd's regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Feb. 1, 1779; 
reported died March 28, 1777. 



5o(3 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Ball, Emexezeu. Private, Capt. Edmund Longley's co., Col. Cosswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 26, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 8 days; company 
detached to fortify posts in and about Boston. 

Ball, Ebenezeu, Jr., Townsend. Trivate, Capt. James Ilosley's co., Col. William 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge and 
Lexington ; discharged April 20, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Ball, Eleazer. Private, Capt. John Boynton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, on expe- 
dition to Bennington under command of Col. Job Cushing. 

Ball, Eleazeu. Private, Capt. AVilliam Marean's co.. Col. Stearns's (also given Col. 
Jonathan Reed's) 1st regt. of guards; enlisted March 27, 1778; discharged July 
29, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at Cambridge, guarding troops of convention ; 
enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Ball, Eleazer, Rutland. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Walker's co., Col. 
Grout's regt.; age, 19 j-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, 
Rutland; marched July 21, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; reported mustered by 
Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, July 12, 1779; delivered to Ensign J. Hubble; 
also, Private, Colonel's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; enlisted July 23, 
1779; discharged April 23, 1780; enlistment, 9 months; also, Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Benjamin Hey wood, 6th regt.; i)ay abstracts for Julv, Aug. 
and Sept., 1779; also, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Matthew Chambers, 
6th regt.; pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Capt.-Lieut. Peter Clayes; pay abstract for Jan.-June, 1780; also, 
descrijjtive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Armj' for the term of 6 
months agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; 
complexion, freckled; residence, Rutland; arrived at Springfield July 7, 1780; 
marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, list of men 
raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having 
passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, paj' roll for 
6 months men raised )jy the town of Rutland for service in the Continental Army 
during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; discharged Jan. 6, 1781; service, 6 mos. 
9 days. 

Ball, Eli, Brookfield (also given Medway). Descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
Feb. 20, 1782; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5^ in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Brookfield; enlisted June 8, 1782; joined Capt. 
William Mills's co., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ball, Elijah, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co., Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 9^ days. 

Ball, Elijah. 1st Lieutenant, 5th co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's (2d Worcester Co.) regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 17, 1779. 

Ball, Elijah. Sergeant, Capt. William Greenleaf's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 7 days. Roll 
dated Lancaster. 

Ball, Eusehius. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at New London, Conn.; also, Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's co.. Col. Seth 
Murray's regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
5 days; enlistment, 3 montlis; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; 
also, Capt. Elienezer Strong's co.. Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 10, 1781 ; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 10 days, at Saratoga. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 537 

Ball, Gideon, Granville. Private, Capt. Caleb Keep's eo.. Col. William Sheppard's 
(3d) regt. ; Continental Arinj- pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, (late) Capt. Keep's co., commanded liy Lieut. John Wright, 
Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster roll for July and Aug., 1778 ; also, Corporal ; mus- 
ter rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Providence; enlistment, 3 j'ears; also. 
Private, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's co., Col. Shepard's regt.; muster roll for 
March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported transferred to light infantry; 
also, Corporal, Capt. John Wright's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; muster roll for 
March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on command at North King- 
ston; also, Capt. George Webb's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 1, 1780; 
also, return takeuto Dec. 31, 1780, dated West Point; reported discharged March 
1, 1780. 

Ball, Isaac. Sergeant; list of men returned as serving on picket guard under Ma j. 
Baldwin, May 23, 177-"). 

Ball, Isaac, Athol. Private, Capt. Ichabod Dexter's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; also, Capt. Dexter's co.. 
Col. Woodbridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177."); enlisted April 24, 1775; 
service, 3 raos. 14 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Ball, Isaac, Southborough. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co., which marched on the 
alarmof April 19, 1775; service, 5 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; a/so. Ser- 
geant, Capt. Fay's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; 
enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return dated Dor- 
chester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Asa Rice's co.. Col. Job Cush- 
ing's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 10 
days ; marched to Manchester and Bennington on an alarm ; roll dated Shrews- 
bury; a/so, Capt. Ebenezer Ingoldsby's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 1, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 29 days, at the North- 
ward ; also, pay abstract dated Scarsdeal, Nov. 30, 1777. 

Ball, Isa.\c, Stockbridge. Sergeant, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Maj. Rossiter's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Feb. 23, 1777; discharged April 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
13 days, at Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Job Woodbridge's co.. Col. Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 19 days ; 
marched under Maj. Caleb Hyde on the evacuation of Ticonderoga; also, Capt. 
Ezra Whittelsey's co., Lieut. Col. David Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; service 
from Aug. 13 to Aug. 18, 1777, 5 days ; marched to Bennington ; also, 2d Lieuten- 
ant, Capt. Isaac Marsh's (1st Stockbridge) co.. Col. Rosseter's (3d Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 23, 1778; also, Capt. 
John Spoor's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 18, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days; enlistment, 3 months; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ball, Israel. Capt. Dexter's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt.; receipt for advance pay 
dated Camp at Cambridge, June 20, 1775. 

Ball, Israel, Spencer. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Richardson's co.. Col. Dyke's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to Dorchester Heights dated Nov. 28, 
1776; credited with 3 days allowance. 

Ball, Jabez. Ensign, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., Col. AVilliam Shepard's regt. ; muster 
roll for July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence. 

Ball, Jacob. Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for gun and 
blanket money allowed by resolve of Nov., 1776. 

Ball, James, Taunton. Private, Capt. Roljert Crossman's co.. Col. Nathaniel Leon- 
ard's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Roxbury ; service, 7 days. 



538 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ball, James, Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Brigham's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177;"), to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 11 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Samuel Wood's co., 
Col. Ward's regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 13, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177-j; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 days; 
also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Jan. 5, 1776. 

Ball, James, Lanesl)orough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Newell's (2d) co. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Wright's co.. Col. Living- 
stone's regt. ; enlistment, during war; reported enlisted into New York troops. 

Ball, James. Private, Capt. Matthew Randell's co., Col. John Daggett's regt.; en- 
listed Jan. 7, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Ball, James. Matross, Capt. Perez Cushing's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; 
enlisted May 7, 1778; roll made up to Sept. 22, 1778, excluding the month of 
August; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at Dartmouth. 

Ball, James. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
June 13, 1778; discharged Sept. 23, 1778; service, 3 mos. 12 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Tiverton, R. I. 

Ball, James. List of men returned by Capt. Cranston [j-ear not given] . 

Ball, Jeremiah, Jr., Townsend. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Hosley's (2d Townsend) 
10th CO., 6th Middlesex Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
April 24, 1776; also, Capt. John Nutting's co., Col. William Mcintosh's regt.. 
Gen. Lovel's brigade; enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 
1 mo. 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ball, John, Spencer. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Mason's co., Col. Jonathan Warner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days. 

Ball, John, Stockbridge. Sergeant, Capt. AVilliam Goodrich's co.. Col. John Pater- 
son's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Stockbridge and Glass Works to Cambridge ; service, 13 days. 

Ball, John, Westminster. Private, Capt. Noah Miles's co.. Col. John Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 11^ 
days. 

Ball, John, Northborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Wood's co., Gen. Ward's regt., 
which marclied on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days; also, Lieut. Seth 
Rice's CO., Col. Jol) Cushing's regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 25, 
1777, at Hadley; service, 7 days; company called out on an alarm to reinforce 
Northern armj'. 

Ball, John, Westborough. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Maj. Gen. 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12;^ days; 
reported enlisted into the army April 30, 1775. 

Ball, John, Mart)lehead. Capt. John Merrett's (7th) co.. Col. Jolin (jlover's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 25 mos.; also, company 
return [prol)ably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for l)0unty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 29, 1775. 

Ball, John. Lieutenant, Capt. Elijali Den^ing's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted April 26, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1777 ; service, 25 days ; ordered 
to Saratoga l)y Maj. Gen. Gates. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 539 

Ball, John. List of men from Rhode Island who enlisted into Col. Sherl)urne's regt., 
having been previously paid by Lieut. Alexander for enlisting for 1.") months for 
State of Rhode Island; list dated Bristol, July 28, 1777. 

Ball, John. Sailor, schooner " Marblehead," commanded by Capt. Samuel Dugard; 
portage bill for voyage from Boston to Bilboa ; engaged Jan. 22, 1777 ; discharged 
May 18, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; roll made up for advance pay, 1 mo. 

Ball, John. Seaman; list of prisoners returned in the cartel "Swift" from Halifax 
to Boston, Nov. 9, 1777. 

Ball, John, Pownalborough (also given Woolwich). Capt. Samuel McCobb's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Caml)ridge, July 26, 1775; also. 
Private; musterToU dated Aug. 1, 177-t; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 
daj's ; oiso, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 7, 1775; «Z«o, Capt. Amos 
Wheeler's (2d) co.. Col. Nixon's (-Ith) regt.; receipts for wages for Sept.-Dec, 
1776; also, return dated North Castle, Nov. 9, 1776. 

Ball, John, Boston. Sergeant, Col. David Henley's regt.; enlisted Fel). 20, 1778; 
enlistment, during war; reported deserted June 10, 1778. 

Ball, John, Grafton. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at the 
Westward; also, receipt for wages dated Westborough, July 21, 1778. 

Ball, John, Ballstown. Corporal, Capt. John Wiley's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
(8th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 2, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 24 mos. 29 days as Corporal, 9 mos. as Ser- 
geant; also, Capt. John Bajiey's co., Col. Jackson's regt.; service from March 2 
to May 26, 1777, 3 mos. 2 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Peirce's co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 1, 
1780; reported deserted April 1, 1780; also, list of deserters dated Jan. 25, 1781; 
age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Ballstown, Lincoln Co.; enlisted Feb. 1, 1780, at West Point; 
enlistment, during war; deserted April 1, 1780. 

Ball, John, Westminster (also given Templeton). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Josiah Wilder's (also given Capt. William Edgell's and 
Capt. Elisha Jackson's) co., 8th (also given 7th) Worcester Co. regt.; sworn to 
Feb. 21, 1778; joined Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (ith) regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; also, Capt. Gardner's co.. Col. Put- 
nam's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
May 15, 1780. 

Ball, John, Dorchester. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1781. 

Ball, John. Col. Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; receipt for money dated Boston, Nov. 
1, 1785. 

Ball, Jonas, Marblehead. Capt. Merrett's co.. Col. Glover's regt. ; receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; n/«o. Private, company return [probaV)ly 
Oct., 1775] ; reported drafted. 

Ball, Jonas, Marblehead. Private, Capt. William Courtis's co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 21 
days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Beverly, Jan. 6, 1776. 

Ball, Jonas. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded tiy Capt. John Clouston; 
engaged Feb. 4, 1777; roll made up to July 9, 1777; service, 5 mos. 5 days. 



540 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ball, Jonathan, Stockbridge. Sergeant, Capt. William Goodrich's cc, Col. John 
Patterson's regt., whicli marched April 22, 177"i, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 177."), from Stock brid,;,'e and Glass Works to Cambridge; service, 13 days; 
also, mnster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days. 

Ball, Jonathan, Sotithborough. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's cc, which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, 
Capt. Fay's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return dated 
Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Ball, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's (Cavalry) co.. Col. AVhitney's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 2G, 1777; service, G days, on an alarm at 
Bennington . 

Ball, Jonathan, Concord. Capt. Abishai Brown's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775; also. Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company 
return dated Sept. 30, 1775; also, Lieut. Ephraim Wheeler's co.. Col. Eleazer 
Brooks's regt. ; marched from Concord to lloxbury March 4, 1776, for defence of 
Boston; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Charles Miles's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Ticonderoga, sworn to Feb. 16, 1777. 

Ball, Jonathan, Bolton. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Sawyer's co.. Col. 
Whitney's regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Bolton; enlisted June 23, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ball, Joskkus, Northampton. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Cook's co. ; 
age, 19 jTS. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Northampton; 
enlisted July 4, 1780; enlistment, 3 months; reported detached from Col. Israel 
Chapin's regt. 

Ball, Joskph. Private, Capt. Josiah Wildcr's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 10 days, on an alarm 
at Bennington. 

Ball, Joseph. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's co. ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 23, 1777. 

Ball, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co., detached from militia of Hampshire 
and Worcester counties; enlisted Jan. 7, 1778; discharged April 29, 1778; service, 
3 mos. 23 days, guarding stores and magazines at Springfield and Brookfield. 

Ball, Joseph, Worcester. Private, Capt. Timothy Bigelow's co.. Col. Artemas Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; reported 
enlisted into the army; also, Drummer, Capt. Hulibard's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; 
also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Worcester Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their 
arrival at I'ishkill, June 19, 1778; Capt. Whitney's (also given Capt. Whiting's 
and Lieut. Nathaniel Harrington's) co.. Col. Denney's regt.; age, 27 yrs.; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Worcester; reported mustered by 
Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, May 9, 1778. 

Ball, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Howe's co., Col. John Ilatid's regt. ; enlisted 
July 17, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 3 days; enlistment, 3 
months. 

Ball, Joseph, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co., Col. Dyke's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance from IJorchester home, dated Dorcliester, Nov. 
20, 1776; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Newell's 
(7th) CO., Col. James Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 541 



Ball, Josepii, continued. 

joined Capt. Reuben Slayton's co., Col. William Shepard's (3d) regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years or during war; also, Private, Capt. Field's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. 
Sheppard's (4th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 24, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; muster re- 
turn dated Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778 ; also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and 
Nov., 1778, dated Cainj) at Providence; also, Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported transferred 
to Capt. John Wright's (Light Infantry) co. ; also, Capt. Wright's co.. Col. Shep- 
ard's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported 
on command at North Kingston ; also, Capt. George Wel>l)'s (Light Infantry) 
CO., Col. Shepardjs regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Wright's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; return for 
gratuity dated Highlands, Feb. 24, 1780 ; also, Capt. Webb's co.. Col. Shepard's 
regt. ; return made up to Dec. 31, 1780, dated West Point; also, muster rolls for 
Feb., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated Hutts, 1st brigade. 

Ball, Joseph, Westborough. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wright's co.. Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; marched Aug. 9, 1781 ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. "20 days, at West Point; enlisted for town of Southborough. Roll 
sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Ball, Joseph. Private, Capt. David Moore's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light Infantrj-) 
regt.; marched Sept. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 18, 1779; service, 2 mos. 5 days; 
also, pay roll sworn to at Bolton, Dec. 23, 1779. 

Ball, Joshua. Capt. Charles Furbush's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Nov. 21, 177.'). 

Ball, Josiah, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. David Pixley's co.. Col. John Brown's 
regt.; enlisted June 20, 1777; roll made up to July 26, 1777; service, 27 days, in 
Northern department. 

Ball, Josiah, Jr. Caj)!. Gershom Nelson's co. ; list of men dated July 19, 1776. 

Ball, Lebbev.s, Granville. Captain of a company which marched April 20, 177-"), in 
response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; reported enlisted into 
the army April 29, 1775; also. Col. William Shepard's regt.; list of officers in 
camp at Roxbury, May 22, 1775; also. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; list of 
officers in camp at Roxbury, May 27, 1775; commissioned May 27, 1775; also, 
receipt for ammunition dated Roxbury, June 12, 1775; «/so, return for rations 
dated Roxt)ury, June 24, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 10 days; also, company return dated Roxlniry, 
Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, list of field officers of Mass. militia [year not given] ; regiment 
raised in Hampshire and Worcester counties; also, Major; list of field officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned Nov. 1, 1777; also. Col. William Shepard's (3d) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported as serving 10 mos. as Captain, 26 mos. as Major; promoted to 
Major Sept., 1778; also, Captain, Col. Shepard's regt.; order for clothing dated 
Camp at Valley Forge, May 1, 1778; also, muster roll for July and Aug., 1778, 
dated Providence ; also. Major, Col. Shepard's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for March 
and April, 1779, dated Camp at Providence; reported on command at Boston; 
also, return for clothing dated Salem, Aug. 28, 1779; also, list of settlements of 
rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board held for the purpose, 
and confirmed by Congress, Sept. 6, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 27, 1780; also. Col. David Moseley's (3d 
Hampshire Co.) regt.; engaged June 12, 1782; discharged June 14, 1782; service, 
7 days, at Northampton. 

Ball, Lkmvel. Private, Cai)t. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
discharged July 13, 1777 ; service, 16 days, at Machias, on three alarms. 



542 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ball, Levi. Receipt for bounty paid him by Capt. Ebenezer Mason, Chairman of Class 
No. 2 of the town of Spencer, to serve in the Continental Army for tlie term of 3 
years, dated Worcester, June 7, 1782. 

Ball, Moses, Atliul. Private, Capt. Ichabod Dexter's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; also, Capt. Thomas 
Lord's CO., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's retct. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged 
Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 10 days ; marched from Athol to Bennington ; also, Capt. 
Wing Spooner's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 
30, 1777; service, 2 mos. 25 days; also, Corporal, Capt. Jotham Houghton's co.. 
Col. Sparhawk's (7th) regt.. Gen. Warner's brigade; service from Nov. 3, 1778, to 
Nov. 19, 1778, 17 days; company detached to escort troops of convention to 
Enfield, Conn., and to reinforce guards in barracks at Rutland, under Col. Jacob 
Gerrish. 

Ball, Nahvm. Private, Capt. Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Joseph Whitney's regt.; ser- 
vice from May 4, 1777, to July 4, 1777, 2 mos. 7 days, at Rhode Island, under 
Maj. Gen. Spencer; roll sworn to in Boston; also, Capt. Seth Newton's co.. Col. 
Abijah Stearns's regt.; enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 
3 mos. 2 days, with guards at lloxbury and Boston ; also, Capt. Reuben Sibley's 
CO., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; marched July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 
1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ball, Nathan, Bolton. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hastings's co., Col. John Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6 days. 

Ball, Nathan, Princeton. Private, Capt. Ephraim Lyon's co.. Col. AVade's regt.; 
enlisted June 24, 1778 ; discharged July 13, 1778 ; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island ; 
roll dated Groton; also, Capt. Mirick's co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; list of men 
mustered to serve at Rhode Island until Jan. 1, 1779, by Thomas Newhall, Muster 
Master for Worcester Co. ; mustered Oct. 27 [year not given] ; also. Private, Capt. 
Ebenezer Belknap's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 27, 1778; dis- 
charged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
stationed at North Kingston, R. I. 

Ball, Nathan. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages dated Hubbardston, Aug. 12, 
1782. 

Ball, Noah, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, 
Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Ball, Noah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; enlisted April 17, 1776; ser- 
vice, 7 mos. 19 days, at Dartmouth. 

Ball, Noah. Private, Capt. Jolm Kirkland's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 18 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Northern army ; reported sick at New City. 

Ball, Noah. Matross, Capt. Perez Cushing's co., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; enlisted 
July 6, 1778 ; roll made up to Sept. 22, 1778, excluding the month of Aug. ; service, 
1 mo. 16 days, at Dartmouth. 

Ball, Noah. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 5 mos. 23 days, guard- 
ing stores at Springfield and IJrookfield; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; com- 
pany detached from Hampshire Co. militia. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 543 

Ball, Obadiah, Jr. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Reed's (2d) co., 2d Lincoln Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Aug. 12, 1778. 

Ball, Peter, Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas Gardner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Lexington; 
service, 3 days. 

Ball, Phineas. Private, Capt. Daniel Grout's co., under command of Lieut. Thomas 
Parker, Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted July 7, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780, 
at "West Point; service, 3 mos. 11 days; marched to Claverack. 

Ball, Revbex, Concord. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Winter Hill, Jan. 1.5, 1776. 

Ball, Reubex. Privafe, Capt. James Russell's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; pay 
abstract for 5 days service at Dorchester, March 4, 1776. 

Ball, Reuben. Private, Capt. Francis Brown's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt., Gen. Lovell's 
brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 14 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ball, Reubex. List of men who were with Col. Buttrick at Rhode Island, in 1778. 

Ball, Reuben. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Dec. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; marched 
to Claverack ; company detached to join Continental Army ; enlistment, 3 months. 
Roll dated Billerica. 

Ball, Richard, Cambridge. Private, Capt. Jesse Saunders's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sergeant's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 15, 1775; service, 
16 daj's. 

Ball, Sam. Corporal, Capt. Eleazer Crabtree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 1775; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 days, at Frenchman's Bay. 

Ball, Samuel, South Hadley. Private, Capt. Joslah Smith's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted May 25, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; service, 6 mos. 
12 days ; regiment raised for defence of Boston ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Montague's (also given Capt. Smith's) co.. Col. 
Porter's (4th Hampshire Co.) regt., dated June 30, 1778; joined Capt. Josiah 
Smith's (3d) co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war; also, Private, 2d co.. Col. Marshall's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Feb. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Smith's co.. 
Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay al)stract for clothing for 1778 ; also, order for wages for 
service at the Northward, dated West Point, Jan. 26, 1779 ; also, muster rolls dated 
West Point, Fel). 1 and May 3, 1779; also, 2d co.. Col. Marshall's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 15, 1780 ; reported 
discharged Feb. 15, 1780. 

Ball, Samuel. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's regt. ; 
return of men in service at Machias at various times ; roll made up for rations ; 
ordered to be paid in Council, July 27, 1778. 

Ball, Samuel. Private, Capt. Timothy Heald's co.. Col. Samuel MeCobb's regt.; 
enlisted June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 27 days, on 
expedition to Penobscot. 

Ball, Samuel (also given Jr.), Worcester. Private, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 17, 1777, 
to July 9, 1779; reported deserted; also, Capt. AVilliam Gates's co., Col. Bigelow's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years; 
reported on command at Worcester; also, Lieut. Daniel Grout's co.. Col. Bige. 
low's regt. ; pay roll for Feb., 1779, dated Providence; also, (late) Capt. William 
Gates's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 



54,4: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS ANT) SAILORS 

Ball, Samuel, continued. 

Providence; also, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Bi^elow's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from May 5, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported deserted July 9, 
1779; joined again, availing himself of the pardon granted May 5, 1780. 

Ball, Samukl, Princeton. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. llartwell's co.. Col. 
Whitney's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, fj ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; occupation, 
blacksmith ; residence, Princeton ; enlisted March IG, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Ball, Samvel. Private, Capt. Phineas Bowman's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (.5th) regt. ; 
muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported 
on command at Verplanck's Point, Feb.-April, 1781 ; having lost time by deser- 
tion must serve until Feb. 11, 1782. 

Ball, SAAriEL. List of prisoners on board the cartel " Hostage " to be exchanged for 
British i)risoners, as returned l)y Thomas Stone, Commissary [year not given] ; 
taken in a prize brig of the " General Putnam" (privateer) by the British ship 
"Milford." 

Ball, Silas, Leverett. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickenson's co.. Col. B. R. Wood- 
bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.5, from Amherst; ser- 
vice, 11 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
3 mas. 8 days; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 177-5; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, 
Oct. 26, 1775. 

Ball, Silas, Southborough. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; reported enlisted into the array; also, 
Capt. Fay's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted Ajjril 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return dated Dor- 
chester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Ball, Silas. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's (Cavalry) co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 

Ball, Silas, Leverett. List of enlisted men detached from 6th Hampshire Co. regt., 
agreealtle to order of court of June 22, 1777, dated Warwick; Capt. Seth Pierce's 
CO., Col. Seth Murray's regt.; rank. Surgeon; enlistment, 3 months, from time 
of arrival at Claverack; also. Surgeon's Mate, Col. Murray's (2d Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; engaged July 4, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 14 days; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Ball, Thomas, Rutland. Private, Capt. Thomas Eustis's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 12 days ; also, Capt. Adam 
Wheeler's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; company return dated Camp at 
Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Nov. 29, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. David Bent's and Capt. Phineas Walker's cos., dated Fel). 23, 1778; joined 
Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. Tiiomas Nixon's regt.; enlistment, during war; 
also. Colonel's co.. Col. Nixon's (Bth) regt.; Continental Army i)ay accounts for 
service from Feb. 14, 1777, to July 21, 1777; reported killed in luittle July 20, 1777; 
also, Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return for clothing for 1777. 

Ball, Tho.mas, Colrain. List of men [year not given] . 

Ball, Thomas Buooks, Concord. Private, Capt. .Ljlin Fuller's co.. Col. Asa AVhit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 26, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 10 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Gideon Par- 
ker's CO., Col. Moses Little's regt.; return of men in service from Jan. 1, 1776; 
also, Capt. Edmund Munro's co.. Col. Timotliy Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from May 4, 1777, to Feb. 13, 1778 ; reported discharged 
I'eb. 13, 1778. [Also given Thomas Brooks.] 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 545 

Ball, "William, Lancaster. Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; order for advance pay dated Hull, July 16, 1776 ; also, Private ; pay rolls for 
service from June 8, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 25 days; also, Capt. William 
Greenleaf's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 22 
to Ang. 26, 1777, 4 days; also, Capt. Greenleaf's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1777; service, 2 mos. 

Ball, William Hidsox, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177o, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 
5 days. 

Ball, Zercbbabel, Rutland. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Walker's co., 
Col. Grout's regt. ;_age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, 
Rutland ; mustered by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, July 12, 1779 ; marched 
July 21, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; also, Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas 
Nixon's (6th) regt. ; enlisted July 23, 1779 ; discharged April 23, 1780 ; enlistment, 
9 months; also, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Benjamin Ileywood, Col. 
Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts for July-Sept., 1779; also. Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Matthew Chambers, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for Nov. 
and Dec, 1779; also, Colonel's co., commanded by Capt. -Lieut. Peter Clayes; 
pay aljstract for Jan.-June, 1780; also, Lieut. Benjamin Miles's co., Col. Jonathan 
Grout's regt.; enlisted Dec. 21, 1780; discharged Jan. 4, 1781; service, 14 days; 
company detached to escort prisoners of war to be exchanged Dec. 26, 1780, from 
Rutland to New London. 

Ballamt, Johx. Corporal, Capt. Philip Hubbard's co. ; enlisted Sept. 1, 1776; service, 
2 mos. 13 days, at Kittery Point and Old York. 

Ballantixe, . [This name also appears under the form of Balantine, Ballentine, 

Bollendine.] 

Ballaxtixe, Ebexezer. Surgeon's Mate, Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; pay 
abstract for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated Boston, June 22, 1781 ; also, Lieut. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (6th) regt. ; return of men in service for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; also, return of 
men in service for Jan.-Dec, 1782. 

Ballard, . [This name also appears under the form of Balard, Ballerd, Ballord, 

Bellard, Bllrd, Bollard, BuUard.] 

Ballard, Arotel. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Dean's (4th SuflFolk Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted March 3, 1781 ; discharged March 17, 1781 ; service, 15 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Ballard, Bartholomew. Seaman, sloop "Defence," commanded Ijy Capt. James 
Nevins; engaged July 3, 1781; discharged Sept. 26, 1781; service, 2 mos. 23 
days. 

Ballard, Bexjamix, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co., Col. John 
AVhetcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; 
service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's 
CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
27, 1775; ser\ice, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Ballard, Bexjamix, Boston. Capt. Abel Wilder's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, June 26, 1775; also. Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; also, 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Oct. 28, 1775. 

Ballard, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Thomas Barnes's (5th) co., Col. Nixon's (4th) 
regt.; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, 
receipts for wages for Sept.-Dec, 1776; also, order for wages dated Peekskill, 
Jan. 10, 1777. 



546 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ballard, Bexjamix, Boston. Private, Capt. Amos Cogswell's (2d) co., Col. James 
Wesson's rest. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Jan. 20, 1779; reported died Jan. 20, 1779; enlistment, during war. 

Ballard, Bexjamin, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Daniel Goss's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778 ; joined Capt. 
Fairfield's (also given Capt. Joseph McNall's) co.. Col. Edward AVigglesworth's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; o/so, Sergeant, Capt. Peter Page's co.. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Feb. 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, (late) Capt. N. Fairfield's co.. Col. 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Ballard, Bexoxi. Private, Capt. Henry Tiebout's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted 
Dec. 2"), 1780 ; enlistment, during war ; reported sick at Saratoga. 

Ballard, Bostox, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Lyon's CO., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777; residence, Boston; 
enlisted for town of Stoughton; joined Capt. Robert Allen's co., Col. Ichabod 
Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 6th co.. Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's) 6th regt. ; Continental Array pay accounts for service from Feb. 22, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. Col. William Stacy's co., Col. Alden's regt.; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Fort Alden ; reported on conmiand 
at Albany; also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 22, 1780. 

Ballard, Boswell, Lenox. Private, Capt. Dibble's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported on command at Quebec. 

Ballard, Bristo. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. John Allen's regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 7, 1777; discharged Dec. 31, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at Machias. 

B.U.LAKD, Bristol. Private, Capt. Nicholas Crosby's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 22, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 4, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Machias ; 
enlistment, 6 months ; company raised for expedition against St. John, N. S. Roll 
dated Penobscot. 

Ballard, Bristol, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 25 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, negro; residence, Boston; arrived at Springfield 
July 2, 1780; marched to camp July 3, 1780, under command of Lieut. Daniel 
Frye of the artificers ; reported enlisted from Capt. Welles's co., Col. Edward 
Procter's (Boston) regt. 

Ballard, Bristol, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780 ; Capt. 
Welles's CO., Col. Edward Procter s (Boston) regt. ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 
in. ; complexion, black ; residence, Boston ; enlistment, 3 months ; to serve under 
Brig. Gen. John Fellows; a/so. Private, Capt. Alexander Ilodgdon's co., Col. 
Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ballard, Bristol, Boston. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; 
enlisted Dec. 23 (also given Dec. 30), 1780. 

Ballard, Daxe, New Salem. Private, Capt. John King's co.. Col. B.R.Woodbridge's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Aug. 7, 1775; flZ«o, company return 
dated Camp at Cambridge, Sept. 29, 1775; also, order forbountj' coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Oct. 23, 1775; also, I,ieut. Jolin 
Trask's co., Col. David Leonard's regt.; enlisted March 21, 1777; discharged 
April 10, 1777; service, 21 days; marched to Ticonderoga; aho, Capt. Ebenezer 
Goodale's co.. Col. David Wells's regt.; enlisted Sept. 24, 1777; discharged Oct. 
18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day ; marched to join Northern army. 



IX THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 547 

Ballard, Daniel, New Salem. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Goodall's co., Col. B. R. 
"Wood bridge's rejjt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
7 days; also, list of men returned as having served on picket guard Maj- 11, 1775, 
under Maj. Loammi Baldwin; also, Capt. John King's co., Col. Woodbridge's 
regt. ; receipt for advance paj' dated Cambridge, Jime 29, 1775; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Cambridge, Sept. 29, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Oct. 23, 1775. 

Ballakd, Dean. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Hali- 
fax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Ballard, Ebexezer. "Private, Capt. Bartholomew York's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
(18th) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted 
May 12 (also given 22), 1776; discharged Aug. 28, 1776. 

Ballard, Ebexezer, Boston. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Boston to Bennington, 
dated Boston, Jan. 6, 1777. 

Ballard, Ebexezer, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Daniel Hill's co., commanded by 
Lieut. Samuel Clements, Col. Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 6 days ; also, list of men mustered ia 
Suffolk Co. to serve in Capt. John Langdon's co., Col. Henry Jackson's regt., as 
returned by Nathaniel Barljer, Muster Master, dated Boston, Aug. 3, 1777 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also. Light Infantry co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from May 22, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Lang- 
don's CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Lancaster ; also, pay 
rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence ; also, pay roll for Sept., 
1778, dated Pawtuxet; also, Lieut. Thomas H. Condy's (2d) co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778 ; also, pa.y roll for Feb., 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; also,. 
pay roll for March, 1779; also, Capt. William Scott's (4th) co., Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Garrison at Pawtuxet; also. Ensign Wil- 
liam Rickard's (4th) co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll dated Providence, July 
8, 1779; also, Capt. Scott's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Jackson's regt.; paj' roll 
for Oct., 1779; also, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Fox's CO., Col. Jackson's (10th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported deserted Dec. 12, 1779; returned 
April 10, 1780; also, Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; pay rolls for April- 
July, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Huts, West Point, Jan. 28, 
1781; age,28yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; hair, dark; occupation, 
carpenter; rank. Private; residence, Haverhill; enlisted July 23, 1777; joined 
Capt. Fox's CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, during war; reported mustered 
by Col. Jackson ; also, list of men returned by committee for settling disputes 
between towns as to soldiers credited to them ; claimed by Tewksbury ; credited 
to Haverhill. 

Ballard, Ebexezer, Boston. Private, Capt. Alexander Hodgdon's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ballard, Ebexezer, Boston. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted Jan. 30, 1781 ; also. Private, Capt. Benjamin Pike's co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (late Nixon's) 6th regt. ; return of men in service for Jan., 1781- 
Dec, 1782; time allowed from Jan. 30, 1781; reported on command in April, 
1782; also, power of attorney dated Boston, March 1, 1784, given to Ebenezer 
Graves of Boston by said Ballard to collect wages due to him as a soldier in Col. 
Smith's regt. in 1781 and 1782. 



548 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ballahi), Elisha, Marblehead. Sergeant, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted Jnly 
19, 177.'); service, 3 mos. 21 days, at Marl)lehead ; also, receipt for advance pay 
dated Marblehead, Sept. 26, 1775; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 31 to Dec. 
31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days. 

Ballard, Fhederick, Andover. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Andover, June 
2, 1778 ; Capt. Lovejoy's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's (ith Essex Co.) regt. ; age, 
16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, dark; residence, Andover; enlistment, 9 
months from time of arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778 ; also, Private, Capt. 
Stephen Abbot's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's (I'lth) regt. ; muster roll dated West 
Point, April .'i, 1779; reported discharged March 19, 1779. 

Ballakd, Jamks. Private, Capt. Jesse Stone's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
July 27, 1777; service, 29 days; marched to Bennington by order of Brig. Gen. 
Warner; reported deserted Aug. 20, 1777. Roll dated Oxford. 

Ballard, Jeremiah, New Salem. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co., Brig. 
Timothy Danielson's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Brimfield, Aug. 
28, 1776 ; also, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co., Col. Nicholas Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract 
for mileage, etc., dated Dorchester Heiiihts, Nov. 28, 1776; also. Captain, Col. 
David Wells's regt. ; enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 20, 1777; service, 2 
mos. 10 days, with Northern army; also, 10th co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
(6th Hampshire Co.) regt. ; return of men in service Dec. 30, 1778; enlisted May 
10, 1776. lloU dated Warwick. 

Ballard, Joel. Private, Capt. Thomas Wellington's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Oct. 1, 1776; 
reported on command with Gen. Lee. 

Ballard, John, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Perez Graves's co., which marched April 
21, 177"), in response to tlie alarm of April 19, 1775, to Ware; service, 2 days. 

Ballard, John, Oxford. Private, Capt. John Town's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 14^ days; also, Capt. Samuel 
Gregg's CO., Col. James Cargill's regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1775; discharged Dec. 
31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 17 days; cojnpany stationed at St. George's, Waldo- 
borough and Camden. 

Ballard, John, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John Prescott's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 13 days; also, Capt. Andrew Has- 
kell's CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; nlio, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co.. Col. Moses Little's (12th) regt. ; enlisted Nov. 
20, 1775; reported deceased. 

Ballard, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Plummer's co. ; enlisted March 5, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 10, 1776 ; service at St. George's. 

Ballard, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Sawyer's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Dec. 1, 1775; 
reported deserted Sept. 1, 1776, 

Ballard, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt.; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted May 1, 1776; 
reported died Oct. 20, 1776. 

Ballard, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowlee's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) re^'t.; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Fel). 25, 1777; 
enlisted Dec. 12, 1776; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777; reported sick at Mt. 
Lidependeuce. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 549 



Ballard, John. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 
detachment commanded l)y Maj. Andrew Synimes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks 
in guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath by order of Coun- 
cil of May 12, 1777. 

Ballard, John. Lieutenant, Capt. Nicholas Crosby's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt. ; enlisted July 18, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 4, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at 
Machias ; enlistment, 6 months ; company raised for expedition against St. John, 
N. S. ; roll dated Penobscot ; also, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. John Allen's 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 1, 1777; discharged Dec. 31, 1777; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at 
Machias. 

Ballard, John. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co., detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties; enlisted Jan. 9, 1778; discharged July 1, 1778; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 22 days, guarding stores and magazines at Brookfield and Springfield. 

Ballard, John, Westfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 16, 1778; 
Capt. John Kellogg's co., Col. Moseley's regt.; age, 31 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; 
complexion, light; hair, brown; residence, Westfield. 

B.vllard, John. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Putnam's co.. Col. John Holman's regt.; 
return of men in service for 21 days at Providence, E.. I., dated June 22, 1778; 
also, Capt. Putnam's co., Col. Wade's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted June 20, 
1778 ; service, 26 days ; marched to join Gen. Sullivan at Providence. Roll dated 
Sutton. 

Ballard, John. Lieutenant, Capt. Jeremiah Kingsbury's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; roll made up to Oct. 26, 1777; service, 30 days; 
marched from Worcester Co. to reinforce Northern army under Gen. Gates ; also, 
pay abstract dated Oxford, Dec. 6, 1777; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Elias Pratt's 
(15th) CO., Col. Holman's (5th Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned Sept. 25, 1778. 

Ballard, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Keep's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ballard, John, South Brimfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark; residence. South Brimfield ; arrived 
at Springfield July 11, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of 
Capt. George Wel)b ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 nwnths men raised by the town of South 
Brimfield for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July, 1780; 
discharged Dec, 1780; service, 5 mos., at West Point. 

B.VLLARD, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 
6 days ; marched to reinforce army at Bennington ; also, Capt. Enos Parker's co., 
Col. Symonds's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 3, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 27, 1777 ; service, 
27 days ; marched to reinforce Continental Armj' at Bennington. 

Ballard, Jonathan, Andover. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Andover; arrived at Spring- 
field July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Phineas Parker ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 



550 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAn.ORS 

B.VLLAKi), JoxATiiAX, continued. 

Oct. 2o, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Andover for 
service in tlie Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 26, 1780 ; discharged 
Dec. 6, 1780; service, 5 mos. 21 days. 

Ballakd, Joxathax, Andover. Private, Capt. John Peabody's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; i)ay abstract for travel allowance, etc., sworn to Nov. 29, 1776; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Cai)t. Samuel Johnson's 
(1st) CO., Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Benjamin Farnum's 
CO., Col. Francis's regt.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also, Capt. Stephen 
Abbot's CO., Col. Benjamin Tupper's (15th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Feb. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Farnum's co., Col. 
Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 48 days rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 20, 
1777, to time of arrival at Bennington; also, Capt. Farnum's co., Col. Tupper's 
regt.; muster return dated Jan. 24, 1778; reported unfit for duty for want of 
clothes ; also, Capt. Alibot's co.. Col. Tupper's regt. ; muster roll dated "West 
Point, April 5, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; also. Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 20, 1780; reported discharged; also, return 
of men raised agreeal)Ie to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; residence, Andover (South 
District) ; enlisted June 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Ballakd, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill ; enlisted May 22, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years ; reported joined from Capt. Bowman's co. Aug. 1, 1781 ; also, 
muster rolls for Sept., 17Sl-Fel)., 1782, dated Garrison at West Point; reported 
transferred to the Infantr.v co. March 1, 1781. 

Ballakd, Jo's. Private, Capt. Moses Adams's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; 
service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos., at Cambridge. 

Ballard, Joseph, Lynn. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Rufus Mansfield's (4th) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 2 days. 

Ballard, Joseph Rea. Boy, sloop " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; 
engaged June 19, 1776; roll made up to Sept. 30, 1776, dated Salem; also, Ijrigan- 
tine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; roll made up for service 
from Sept. 30, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 3 mos. ; also, Seaman; pay roll for service 
from Jan. 1 to Feb. 17, 1777, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Ballakd, Joshua, Natick. Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 17, 1775. 

Ballakd, Joshta, Hadley. Private, Capt. Joshua L. Woodbridge's co., Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted June 25, 1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; service, 6 mos. 
7 days, at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Oliver Coney's co.. Col. Sears's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 12, 1781; discharged Nov.* 15, 1781; service, 3 mos. 10 days; enlistment, 
3 months. 

Ballard, Joslvh. Private, Lieut. John Trask's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 26, 1777; discharged April 10, 1777; service, 44 days; marched to 
Ticonderoga. 

Ballakd, Josiah. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Goodale's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel AVil- 
liams's regt.; enlisted July 11, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
9 days; marched to join Northern army. 

Ballakd, Luke. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted March 7, 1779; dis- 
charged June 7, 1779 ; service witli guards at Springfield. 

Ballakd, Like. Private, Capt. John Sherman's co., Col. Gideon Burt's regt. ; enlisted 
June 16, 1782; service, 4 days, at Springfield and Northanipt(jn, quelling the 
insurgents. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 551 

Ballard, Moses. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Ballard's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Maj- 10, 1777; discharged July 20, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days, with 
Northern army. Roll dated New Salem. 

Ballard, Moses. Private, Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days ; company 
raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Ballard, Nathaniel, Barre. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ballard, Philip, Montague. Capt. Oliver's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. ; receipt for 
advance pay dated Charlestown, June 27, 1775; also, Sergeant; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; also, company return 
dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Ballard, Roswell, Lenox. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. John Paterson's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 10. 1775; 
service, 13 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Lenox, Oct. 8, 1776. 

Ballard, Samuel, Charlemont (also given Lancaster). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental .Irmy from Capt. Samuel Tajior's (5th) co.,5th Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
residence, Charlemont; enlisted for town of Charlemont (also given Bedford); 
joined Capt. Fairfield's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; en- 
dorsed "Col. David Field's return;" also, Private, Capt. Peter Page's co.. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Feb. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, (late) Capt. M. Fairfield's co., 
Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; return of men in service Aug. 15, 1777; also, 
Capl. Joseph McNall's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, 
dated Camp at Valley Forge ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778 ; also, Capt. Page's 
CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Fowle's co., Col. Smith's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 15, 1780; 
also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 
6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; 
complexion, dark; residence, Charlemont; arrived at Springfield July 16, 1780; 
inarched to camp Juh- 16, 1780, under command of Capt. Zebulon King; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Charlemont for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 13, 1780; discharged Jan. 16, 1781; 
service, 6 mos. 12 days; also, list of men returned by committee for settling 
disputes between to^ms as to soldiers credited to them ; said Ballard claimed by 
Bedford ; credited to Charlemont. 

Ballard, Samuel. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Ballard, Sherebiah, Western. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 3, 1778; 
Capt. Cyrus Rich's (also given Capt. Joseph Cutler's) co., Col. Converse's re^t. ; 
age,24 jTS.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Western ; mustered 
by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, Ma.v 19, 1778. 

Ballard, Sherebiah, Jr. (also given Zeriah), South Brimtield. Private, Capt. Amos 
AValbridge's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt. ; list of men in need of blankets; cer- 
tified July 25, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 13, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 23 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. 
Walbridge's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 4, 1775. 



552 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ballard, Silas, Western (or Oakham). Private, Capt. Joseph Cutler's co. of volun- 
teers ; enlisted Sept. 24, 1777 ; service, 32 days ; niarclied to join Gen. Gates at 
the Northward. 

Ballard, Stlv^vnus, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge ; service, 4 days. 

Ballard, Sylvanus. Private, Capt. T. Mellen's co.. Col. A. Perry's regt. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 10, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Ballard, Timothy, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge ; service, 4 days ; also, 
Capt. Edgel's co., Col. Wylly's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and 
from camp dated Jan. 14, 1776 ; stationed at Roxbury. 

Ballard, Timothy, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 19, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Ballard, Timothy. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Winch's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ;. 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos. 15 days, in 
Northern department. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Ballard, Timothy. Private, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Hawse's regt.; enlisted 
July 28, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 17 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Ballard, Toney. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Ballard, William. Private, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas 
Thomas; engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on 
expedition to Penobscot. 

Ballard, William Hinsox, Amesbury (also given New Boston). Captain, CoL 
James Frye's (Essex Co.) regt. ; return of men in camp at Caml)ridge, May 17, 
1775; reported recruiting; also, list of officers dated Cambridge, May 20, 1775; 
ordered in Council Maj' 20, 1775, to be commissioned; reported recruiting; also, 
certificate signed by said Ballard dated Camljridge, June 18, 1775; also, 7th regt.; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 1, 1775 ; also, list of men who 
received money from public treasury for losses at battles of Lexington and Bun- 
ker Hill ; warrant allowed in Council June 13, 177G ; also, 4th co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
coml)'s regt. ; muster roll for Jan. -Nov., 1776, dated Ticonderoga ; appointed Jan. 
1, 1776; reported re-engaged Nov. 13, 1776, in Col. Alden's regt., to serve during 
war, but to serve in Col. Whitcomb's regt. imtil Dec. 31, 1776; also, list of officers 
who lost clothing on the evening of Dec. 25, 1776 ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Armj- from Essex Co. regt., sworn to Feb. 11, 1778; residence, New 
Boston; enlisted for town of Amesburv; joined Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years; also. Captain and Major, Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's) 7th 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported as serving 30 mos. as Captain, 6 mos. as Major; served in Col. 
Bigelow's regt. the last 6 mos. of 1779; also. Captain, Col. Ichabod Alden's regt. ; 
return dated Boston, Jan. 5, 1779 ; also, 1st co., Col. Alden's (6th) regt. ; muster 
roll for March and April, 1779, dated Cherry Valley ; also, list of settlements of 
rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board held for the purpose, 
and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also,%i\\ co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
return dated Sept. 9, 1780; reported promoted July 1, 1770; also. Major, Col. 
Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Nov. 26, 
1779; also. Col. Bigelow's (15th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also. Major and Captain, Col. Bigelow's 
regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-June, 1780, dated Robinson's Farms; also, muster roll 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 553 

Ballard, "William Hvdsox, continued. 

for, Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Garrison at "West Point; reported absent at Fish- 
kill; also, Major; pay abstract for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated Boston; reported 
deranged Jan. 1, 1781. 

Ballard, Zaccueus, Oxford. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Kingsl)ery's co.. Col. Jona- 
than Holman's regt. ; pay roll for 1 ino. 13 days service dated Providence, Jan. 
20, 1777; also, Capt. "U'illiani Moore's co.. Col. "William Sheppard's (4th) reirt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Thomas Fish's co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster return dated Feb. 3, 
1778; n^so, muster roll for July and Aug., 1778; enlistment, during war; reported 
on furlough; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Providence; reported trans- 
ferred to corps Of invalids Nov. 1, 1778; also, Capt. Moor's co.. Col. Shepard's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 20, 
1780; reported discharged April 20, 1780; also, return dated Mountain Hutts, 
West Point, Jan. 23, 1780. 

Ballast, John. Boy, sloop " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk ; engaged 
June 25, 1776 ; discharged Sept. 30, 1776. 

Ballau, Asa. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Jesse Ballau's (Southwest "Wrentham) co., Col. 
Hawes's (4th SufiFolk Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
Feb. 28, 1780. 

Ballav, Jesse. Captain, Southwest "Wrentham co., Col. Hawes's (4th SufiFolk Co.) 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 28, 1780. 

Ballex, John, "Ware. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ballentine, Ebexezer. Surgeon's Mate, Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Ballextixe, William. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlistment, 
during war. 

Ballextixe, William Gat. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Col. John Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged July 25, 1777; service, 
15 days; company- called out by order of Maj. Gen. Schuyler; marched to Man- 
chester, Vt., " on the grants." 

Ballerd, Frederick. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern 
army. Roll sworn to at Andover. 

Ballerd, Moses. Private, Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days ; company raised 
to reinforce Northern army. 

Balles, Ebexezer. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co., Lieut. Col. White's (4th 
Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 9 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Rochester. 

Ballet, Abxer, Yarmouth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ballet, Hemax, Yarmouth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Ballew, Jesse. Private, Capt. Lemuel Kollock's co.. Col. Wheelock's regt. ; marched 
from Wrentham to Warwick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, r> days. 



554: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Ballingall, Alex.\n'dek. Quartermaster, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. 
J. P. Rathhnrn; list of men who have prize shares in the schooner "Loyalty,"' 
etc. [year not given] ; also, Quartermaster, shij) " Alfred," commanded by Capt. 
John Paul Jones ; list of men Avho have prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and 
brig " Active " [year not given] . 

Ballis, Londox, Taunton. Certificate dated West Point, Jan. 4, 1779, signed by H. 
Sewall, D. C. of Musters, stating that said Ballis enlisted into Capt. Bedding's 
CO., Col. Bradford's regt., for the terra of 3 years from Jan. 2, 1779. 

Ballis, London, Taunton. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, T) ft. 7 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; 
residence, Taunton; mustered by Capt. Haskell ; enlisted Oct., 1779; enlistment, 
during war. 

Balliss, London. Private, Capt. Zebedee Bedding's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1778, to Jan. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 

Ballock, Israel, Guilford. Private, Capt. Ichabod Dexter's co.. Col. Woodbridge's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 20 
days. 

Balloner, Moses Keziah. Col. Tupper's regt.; statement of Continental balances 
[year not given] ; reported Moses Whitier certified in his stead. 

Ballord, Ebenezer, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780; 
Capt. Wise's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
11 in.; complexion, brown; residence, Boston; enlistment, 3 months; marched 
under Brig. Gen. John Fellows. 

Ballord, Frederick. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 4 mos. 

Ballord, Samuel, Brookfield. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Cutler's co. ; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia [year not given] ; drafted from Col. James Converse's regt. 

Ballord, Stephen, Blandford. Private, Capt. John Ferguson's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 3 weeks, 5 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 28, 1775. 

Ballord, Stephen. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloper's co., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt. ; 
enlisted Nov. 5, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 22 days, at Claverack; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Ballord, Timothy. Private, Capt. David Brewer's (10th) co., Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Framingham. 

Ballord, William Hvdson, Amesbury. Captain, Col. .Tames Frye's regt.; company 
return dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bali.os, Joseph. 2d Major, 8th Worcester Co. regt.; official record of a ballot by the 
House of Representatives, dated June 24, 1779; commissioned June 24, 1779. 

Balloi-, . [This name also appears under the form of Balue, Belew, Ballau, 

Ballcw, Balhie, Bullow, Blalou.] 

Balloi", Asa. Lieutenant, commander of a company in Maj. Seth BuUard's regt.; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 13 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Ballou, Elias. Private, Capt. Fletcher's co., Col. Simonds's regt.; marched to Paw- 
let on the alarm of Oct. 13, 1780; service, G da3-s. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 555 

Ballou, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. "William Fletcher's co., Col. Symonds's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1780 ; service, 6 days ; marched to Pawlet. 

Bai.lrick, Francis. List of men enlisted or drafted by Capt. Samuel Farrar of Col. 
Brooks's regt., dated Lincoln, Aug. 14, 1777. 

Balls (or Batts), John. Ensign, Capt. James Prentiss's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Saratoga home, approved in Coun- 
cil, Jan. 28, 1777. 

Ballue, Jesse, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Lemuel KoUock's co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Balsh, Akchelais. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co., Col. James Frj^e's regt.; 
return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 

Balsh, Samuel. Private, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 1, 1777; service, 1 mo. 18 days. 

Balster, Joel, Watertown. Private, Colonel's co., Col. "Wesson's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 8, 1780. 

Balster, Joel, Upton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Balstox, . [This name also appears under the form of Balstone.] 

Balston, Benjamin. Certificate dated Feb. 2, 1779, signed by Col. John Bailey, stat- 
ing that said Balston served in Capt. Dunham's co. and was in camp on or before 
Aug. 15, 1777; also, Private, Lieut. Osgood Carleton's co. of invalids, Col. Lewis 
Nicola's regt.; muster roll dated Oct. 2, 1779; stationed at Boston; also, pay 
roll for Oct., 1779 ; stationed at Boston ; reported on furlough ; also, Capt. McFar- 
land's invalid corps ; Continental Array pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Feb. 29, 1780 ; reported discharged Feb. 29, 1780 ; credited to town of Plymouth ; 
transferred from Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Balston, Joseph, Penobscot. Private, Capt. John Lane's co., 10th regt. ; enlisted July 
15, 1775; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 24 days; also, pay roll 
for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days; roll dated Cape Ann; 
also, Capt. Lane's CO., Col. Foster's regt.; pay roll for service from Jan. 1 to 
Feb. 15, 1776, 1 mo. 15 days, at Cape Ann. 

Balstone, Benjamin, Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Benjamin Kidder's co., 1st Plymouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; joined 
Capt. George Dunham's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Balie, David. Private, Capt. Nathan Harrington's co. ; enlisted March 31, 1778; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 2 days, with guards at Rutland under Maj. Reed. 

Balue, David. Private, Capt. Joshua Whitney's co.. Col. Josiah "Whitney's regt. ; 
service from July 31, 1778, to Sept. 14, 1778, 1 mo. 18 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated "Worcester. 

Balvk, Sasivel. Private, Capt. Fletcher's co., Col. Simonds's regt.; marched to 
Pawlet Oct. 18, 1780, on the alarm of Oct. 13, 1780 ; service, 6 days. 

Balwin, Jeduthan. Lieutenant Colonel ; list of men in Col. "Wheelock's Orderly 
Book, dated Headquarters, Ticonderoga, Oct. 19, 1776 ; served as 1st Engineer at 
the works at Ticonderoga. 

Balwin, Josiah, "Winchendon. Descriptive list of men enlisted from "Worcester Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778 ; 
Capt. Bowington's co.. Col. Sparhawk's regt.; age, 34 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Winchendon. 



5^6 :massachusetts soldiers and sailors 

Balwin, Levi, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Bliss's CO., Col. "Walker's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos.ll days. 

Balwix, Thomas, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Bliss's co., Col. Walker's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 17 days. 

Balwin, "William, Westborough. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co., Col- 
Nicholas Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance home, dated Dorchester 
Heights, Nov. 30, 1776. 

Balt, Abraham. Private, Capt. Samuel AVard's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 5, 1778 ; service, 21 days, fortifying posts in and about Boston ; reported died 
Oct. 25, 1778. 

Baly, Bexjamin. Private, Capt. Shubael "Willmark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 26 ; discharged May 19 [year not given, 
probably 1778]; service, 24 days; ordered by Maj. Gen. Gates to march to 
Saratoga. 

Balt, Bexjamin, Middleton. Private; pa}- roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Middleton for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 27, 
1780; discharged Dec. 7, 1780; service, 5 mos. 23 days. 

Balt, Dudlet. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. "William 
Edgell's (8th Worcester Co.) regt., dated AVestminster, Dec. 26, 1777; enlisted 
for town of Westminster; enlistment, 8 months; reported " time expired." 

Balt, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Feb. 20, 1778 ; roll made up to May 20, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., at 
Bunker Hill. 

Balt, Eliphalet. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co., Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 13, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island, by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Balt, John, Manchester. Private, Capt. Dodge's co., Col. Gerrish's (later Baldwin's) 
regt.; company return dated Camp at Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775; reported discharged. 

Balt, Johx. Private, Capt. William Pearson's (3d) co. ; pay rolls for service from 
June 1, 1776, to Nov. 18, 1776, 5 mos. 18 days, at Gloucester. 

Balt, Joiix. Private, Capt. George Roger's CO., Col. Jordan's regt. ; pay abstract for 
service at the Eastward, in 1779. 

Balt, Johx. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1779; service, 11 days, 
at Boston; enlistment, 3 months ; reported failed to pass muster or was transferred. 

Baly, Joxathan, Brookline. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co.. Col. William Heath's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 23 days. 

Balt, Joseph, Westminster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. William E^dgell's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 26, 1777; joined 
Capt. Warner's co. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Balt, Joseph. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 10, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, 8 days, on an alar)n at 
Rhode Island, by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Balt, Noah, Natick. Private, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; cumpany return 
[probably Oct., 1775]. 

Balt, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; roll made up to July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 
days, at Cambridge. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 557 

Balt, Shubael. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated West Point ; enlisted Jan. 15, 1781 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 j'ears. 

Balt, Timothy, Bolton (or Princeton). Sergeant, Capt. James Mirick's co. ; enlisted 
Oct. 1, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 27 days; marched to Saratoga to 
reinforce Gen. Gates. 

Balts, Nicholas. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. Mitchell's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., commanded l)y Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; 
enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; service, 8 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Bajvibo, Thomas, Philadelphia. Seaman ; list of prisoners brought the second trip 
from llhode Island, as returned by John Ayres, dated Boston, Jan. 23,1777; 
taken in a brig. 

Bambhick, . [This name also appears under the form of Bambrock, Bemrick.] 

Bambkick, Richard. Private, Capt. Israel Davis's co.. Col. Joseph Fr.v's regt. ; 
enlisted March 4, 1776 ; roll made up to May 31 , 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 28 days. 

Bambrick, Richard, Rowley. Private, Capt. Richard Peabody's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga home, 
in 1776. 

Bambrock, Richard, Newbury. Private, Capt. Charles Colton's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Nov. 15, 
1777, to Feb. 1, 1778; reported deserted. 

Bamford, Thomas, Medford. List of men drafted from the town of Medford to go to 
Noddle's Island and to march to CamJjridge to join Capt. John Walton, dated 
Medford, Dec. 9, 1776. 

Bamister, John. Private, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer ; service, 12 days. 

Bamp, Daniel, Jr. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Wareham to serve in 
the Continental Armj- for the term of 3 years, dated March 26, 1781. 

Bamp, Jonathan. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Wareham to serve in 
the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated March 26, 1781. 

Bancraf, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co., Col. David Leonard's 
regt.; enlisted Feb. 24, 1777; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Bancraft, Abel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Swan's (Artillery) co., 6th Middlesex 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 19, 1778. 

Bancraft, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Harrington's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's 
regt.; enlisted March 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at Rutland. Roll dated 
Holden. 

Bancraft, Clark, Fitchburg (also given Lunenburg). Private, Capt. Haffield AVhite's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; mus- 
tered by Col. Barrett; reported transferred to Col. Wesson's regt.; also, list of 
men who deserted from 9th regt. between Jan. 1, 1780, and Dec. 24, 1780, dated 
West Point. 

Bancraft, Daniel, Warwick. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Warwick ; arrived at Springfield 
July 6, 1780; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Taylor of 
2d Mass. Line ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Warwick 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched to West Point July 2, 
1780; discharged Dec. 8, 1780; service, 5 mos. 16 days; also, Private, Capt. 
Japheth Daniels's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; pay abstract for July, 
1780; enlisted July 6, 1780; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 1 to Dec. 8, 1780. 



55S MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bancraft, Ebenezek. Major, Col. Eleazer Brooks's legt. ; pay roll for service from 
Sept. 27, 1776, to Nov. 16, 1776, 63 days, dated North Castle ; also, Lieutenant 
Colonel, Brig. Gen. Eleazer Brooks's (7th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia dated Boston, April 20, 1780; commissioned April 21, 1780. 

Bancr.\ft, Edmind, Pepperell. Serjreant, Capt. Nutting's co., Col. Prescott's regt. ; 
company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 2, 1775. 

Bancraft, Jacob. Private, Capt. Samuel Ilealy's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Banckaft, James, Lynn. Private, Capt. Ezra Newhall's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days. 

Bancraft, Ja:»iks, Lynn. Sergeant, Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 21, 1777, to Oct. 6, 1777; reported promoted 
to Ensign ; also, Ensign ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Oct. 7, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Sergeant, Capt. James Bancroft's co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; return dated April 9, 1779. 

Bancraft, Job. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777; roll made up to Feb. 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
22 days. Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Bancraft, John, Lynn. Private, Capt. Ezra Newhall's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Bancraft, John, Lynn. Matross, Capt. Callender's co.. Col. Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Bancraft, John, Sutton. Private, Capt. Andrew Eliot's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; serAice, 8 days; also. Ser- 
geant, Capt. Isaac Bolster's co., Col. Learned's regt. ; company return dated Rox- 
bury, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bancraft, John. Private, Lieut. Nathaniel Sartwell's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; 
pay roll for 19 days service in July, 1778; also, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co.. Col.. 
Wood's regt. ; pay abstract for 3 days service in Aug., 1778. 

Bancraft, Jonas, Ward or Auburn (probably). Private, Capt. John Crowl's co.. Col. 
Learned's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Bancraft, Jonas. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's co. ; service, 5 days, agreealile to 
resolve of Sept. 23, 1777; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Bancraft, Jonas, Jr. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's co. ; service, 5 days, agreeable 
to resolve of Sept. 23, 1777 ; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Bancraft, Jonathan, Conway. Private, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co.. Col. Nicholas 
Dyke's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 28, 
1776. 

Bancraft, Jonathan. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's co. ; service, 5 days, agreea- 
ble to resolve of Sept. 23, 1777; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Bancr-vft, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; en- 
listed June 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 31, 1779; service, 8 mos. 5 days, at Peeks- 
kill and White Plains; enlistment, 8 months. 

Bancraft, Jonathan, Pepperell. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, 
Jan. 10, 1781; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; 
eyes, blue; residence, Pepperell ; enlisted as Sergeant by Capt. Sylvanus Smith 
March 15, 1777, from the 15th regt. ; joined Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Putnam's 
(5th) regt.; enlistment, during war. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 559 

Bancraft, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Clap's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 17 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bancraft, Moses. Private, Capt. Abijah Lamb's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
marched to Providence, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776 ; service, 21 days. 

Baxcraft, Nathaniel, Shrewsbury. Corporal, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177o; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; 
also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bancraft, Nathaniel. Receipt for bounty paid him by Liphe Adams, Chairman of 
Class No. 4 of tlie town of Newbury, to serve in the Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Boston, June 20, 1782 ; also, Private, Col. Benjamin Tup- 
per's (10th) regt. ; enlisted May 20, 1782 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 7 
mos. 12 days. 

Bancraft, Raham. Private, Capt. John Howard's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; 
return for travel allowance from Saratoga home, allowed in Council, March 12, 
1777. 

Bancraft, Raham. Muster Master's receipt dated South Hadley, April 18,1781; en- 
listed for the town of South Hadley; enlistment, 3 years; returned by Noah 
Goodman. 

Bancraft, Rayham. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted March 
22, 1781; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 10 mos. 5 days; reported died 
Jan. 31, 1782. 

Bancraft, Robert. Capt. Frederick Pope's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Boston, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Bancraft, Robert, Stoughton. Matross; corps of Artillery artificers under Capt. 
Patten and Capt. Bryant at West Point; statement of Continental balances [year 
not given] ; enlistment, during war. 

Bancraft, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 



Bancraft, Samuel, Warwick. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Warwick for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched to West 
Point July 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 13, 1780; service, 5 mos. 21 days; also, 
Private, Capt. Abel Holden's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) 
regt. ; pay abstract for July, 1780 ; enlisted July 6, 1780 ; also, pay roll for service 
from Aug. 1, 1780, to Dec. 13, 1780. 

Bancraft, Thaddeus, Warwick. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
order of court of June 22, 1780, dated Warwick; Capt. Seth Pierce's co.. Col. Seth 
Murray's regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, 
Warwick; rank. Private; mustered July 18, 1780; enlistment, 3 months from 
time of arrival at Claverack ; reported detached from 6th Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
also, Capt. Pierce's co., Col. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 
1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days; company raised to rein- 
force Continental Army. Roll dated Leverett. 

Bancraft, Thaddeus, Groton. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's (15th) regt.; muster roll for Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Garrison at 
West Point; enlisted July 7, 1780; discharged Nov. 18, 1780; enlistment, 6 
months. 



560 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bancraft, Thomas. Capt. Frederick Pope's co., Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Boston, Xov. 11, 1775. 

Bancr^vft, "William. Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. P^pliraini Doolittle's (24th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Baxcroff, Joskph. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's ("ith) 
regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted March 1, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Bancrofft, Lemuel. Lieutenant, Capt. Aaron Coe's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 5, 1777 ; service, 15 days ; 
marched on an alarm to reinforce Northern army by order of Gen. Gates ; reported 
left service as " Express." 

Bancroft. . [This name also appears under the form of Bancraf, Bancraft, Ban- 

croff, Bancrofft, Banercraft, Bankcroft, Bankraft, Barenet, Becroft, Bencraft, 
Bencroft, Boncraft, Boncroft.] 

Bancroft, Abel, Groton. Sergeant, Capt. Henry Farwell's co., Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days. 

Bancroft, Benjamin, Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Ful- 
ler's CO., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return 
dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Prospect Plill, Oct. 29, 1775; also. Sergeant, Capt. Charles Miles's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Ticonderoga 
[year not given] . 

Bancroft, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Burbank's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; 
marched July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 11^ days. 

Bancroft, Caleh. Capt. Jonas Richardson's co.. Col. Frye's regt. ; receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 9, 1775. 

Bancroft, Caleh, Reading. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Bancroft's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's (27th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days ; also, compan.y return dated Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 4, 1775. 

Bancroft, Caleb. Private, Capt. Cadwallader Ford's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. 
of guards; enlisted Nov. 4, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
30 days, at Cambridge No. 2, guarding troops of convention. 

Bancroft, Clark. Private, Capt. Gideon Parker's co., Col. Moses Little's regt. ; 
return of men in service from Jan. 1, 1776. 

Bancroft, Clark, Fitch burg (also given Lunenburg and Concord). Private, Capt. 
John Fuller's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 16 days; also, comi)any return dated Oct. 
6, 1775; also, receipts for wages for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; 
also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Charlestowii, 
Sept. 14, 1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
William Thurlo's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 20, 1777; residence, 
Fitchburg; enlisted for town of Fitchburg; joined Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Put- 
nam's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; a^*o, Maj. Joseph Pettingill's co.. Col. James 
Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; a/so, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Natlianiel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, May 25, 1780; Col. Wesson's regt.; age, 22 yrs.; 
stature, 6 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Lunenburg. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 561 

Bancroft, Daniel. Private, Capt. Elihn I.yinan's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
13 days, at New London, Conn. 

B.vxcKOFT, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jothara Houghton's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (■2d) 
regt.. Gen. Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Claverack. Roll dated Petersham. 

Bancroft, Eaul. Private, Lieut. Enoch Cooper's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted May 28, 1777; discharged July 1."), 1777; service, 1 mo. 19 days; marched 
on expedition to Ticonderoga Maj' 9, 1777. 

Bancroft, Eahl. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co., Col. Rnggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 13 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bancroft, Early, West Springfield. Private, Capt. Phineas Stebbins's co., Col. 
Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Oct. 28, 1778; service, 1 mo. 20 days; com- 
pany detached to reinforce Gen. Sullivan and ordered to Boston. 

Bancroft, Ebenezer, Dunstable. Captain, serving as volunteer, Capt. Reuben Butter- 
field's CO., Col. David Green's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, 
to Cambridge; also, Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of officers 
to be commissioned Ma.y 27, 1775; also, receipt of commission dated "Watertown, 
May 27, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Apiil 24, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, 2d Major, 
Col. Simeon Spaulding's (7th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. mili- 
tia; commissioned Feb. 8, 1776; also, 1st Major, 7th Middlesex Co. regt. ; official 
record of a I>allot by the House of Representatives, dated June 20, 1778 ; chosen and 
approved June 20, 1778 ; also, Lieutenant Colonel, Col. Cyprian How's (Middlesex 
Co.) regt.; service from June 28, 1780, to Oct. 30, 1780, 4 mos. 8 days, at Rhode 
Island ; marched to reinforce Continental Army ; also, pay abstract for rations 
dated Caiflp Buttshill, Oct. 31, 1780. 

Bancroft, Edmind, Reading. Private, Capt. Thomas Eaton's co., Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported as 
belonging to train band. 

Bancroft, Edmund, Pepperell. Sergeant, Capt. John Nutting's co.. Col. William 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 
days ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
(15th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1777, dated Van Schaick's Island ; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1777; reported died June 25, 1777. 

Bancroft, Enoch. Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Bancroft, Esav, Lynn. Seaman, ship " Pilgrim," commanded by Capt. Joseph Rob- 
inson; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 2, 1780; age, 12 yrs.; 
stature, 4 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, black ; residence, Lynn. 

Bancroft, Jacob, Sutton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of G months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Sutton; arrived at Springfield 
July 27, 1780; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under command of Capt. Storer. 

Bancroft, James, Lynn. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Bancroft's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 



562 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bancroft, Jamks, Lynn. Lieutenant, Col. John Mansfield's rejrt. ; commissioned Juno 
7, 1775; also, Capt. Gideon Foster's cc, Col. Mansfield's regt. ; recciiit for wages 
dated Caml)ridge, June 26, 1775; also, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, 
July 4, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 2 days; also, Capt. John Baker's co., Col. Mansfield's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Baker's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's 
(19th) regt.; order for bount)' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Winter Hill, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Bancroft, J.vme.s, Lj'nn. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 
Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined Capt. James ]3ancroft's co.. Col. 
Michael Jackson's (8th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also. Ensign, 
Col. Jackson's regt. ; list of officers dated West Point, Nov. 8, 1779; also, list of 
officers promoted in the Continental Army ; commissioned Nov. 26, 1779 ; also, 
Lieutenant, Col. Jackson's regt. ; list of officers promoted in tlie Continental 
Army ; commissioned July 4, 1780 ; also. Continental Army pa.y accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; reported served 4 mos. 20 days as Ensign, 
7 mos. 10 days as Lieutenant; also reported as agent of the 8th regt. ; also, Lieut. 
Col. Ezra Badlam's (8th) regt.; list of officers dated Thillipsburgh, July 18, 1782; 
enlisted May 12, 1780. 

Bancroft, Jame.s. Lieutenant, Capt. El)enezer Francis's co., Essex Co. regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Bancroft, Jamf.s, Reading. Sergeant; list of men rejwrted as belon;,nng to the train 
band under Capt. Thomas Eaton [year not given] ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
John Bacheller'sco., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt., whicii marched on tlie alarm of 
April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also. Ensign, Capt. Batchelor's co.. Col. El)enezer 
Bridge's (Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of officers to l)e commissioned Ma.y 27, 1775; 
also, 2d Lieutenant; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 14 days ; also, company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, 
Captain, 4th co., 2d Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated 
AVoburn ; commissioned May 6, 1776 ; also. Col. Jonathan Heed's regt.. Brig. 
Gen. Bricket's brigade; returns dated Ticonderoga, Sept. 3, Oct. 4 and Nov. 2, 
1776; also. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return dated Boston, Nov. 20, 
1778 ; also, return dated April 9, 1779 ; reported absent on account of sickness ; 
also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 12, 
1780 ; reported resigned. 

Bancroft, James, Jr. Cai)t. Gideon Foster's co., Col. John Mansfield's regt.; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775; also, 4th Sergeant; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, Capt. John 
Baker's co., Col. Mansfield's regt.; company return [i)robably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
Capt. Baker's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19tli) regt. ; order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Bancroft, .Tor, Reading (also given Lynn). Private, Capt. Jolin Flint's co., Col. 
David Green's regt., wliicli mardied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
2 days; also, Capt. Asa Prince's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt.; order for 
advance pay dated Caml)ridge, June 8, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos.; reported enlisted from 2d I'arish in Read- 
ing; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Prince's co., Col. Israel 
Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Dec. 21, 1775. 

Bancroft, Job. Private, Cajjf. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; pay roll for service from Feb. 3 to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 1 day, dated 
Camp at Winter Hill. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 563 

Bancroft, Joel, Granville. Sergeant, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; reported 
enlisted into the army April 29, 1775 ; also, Capt. Ball's co., Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 
nios. 10 days; also, company return dated Itoxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Baxcroft, Joel. Sergeant, serving as volunteer, Capt. Benjamin Bams's co., Col. 
David Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; service, 4 days, between June 12 and 
June 17, 1782; marched to quell the mob at Northampton. 

Bancroft, John, Fitchburg. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Woods's co., Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Bancroft, John, Sutton. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Bolster's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 12 
days. 

Bancroft, John, Lynn. Capt. Ezra Newhall's co., Col. Mansfield's regt.; order for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also. Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also. Private and 
Corporal; company returns dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Newhall's co.. Col. 
Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Winter Hill, Nov. 4, 1775. 

Bancroft, John, Lynn. Capt. Enoch Putnam's co., Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 12, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775; reported enlisted in the train July 19, 1775; also, 
Capt. Putnam's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated W'inter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775; also, Matross, Lieut. 
William Perkins's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Bancroft, John, Granville. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; reported en- 
listed into the army April 29, 1775; also, Capt. Ball's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 10 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Bancroft, John. Private, Capt. Wing Spooner's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days. 

Bancroft, John. Private, Capt. Addison Richardson's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at Claver- 
ack ; regiment raised in Essex and Suffolk counties to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 

Bancroft, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Peabody's co., Lieut. Col. Commandant 
Enoch Putnam's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 8, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781 ; service, 2 
mos. 13 days ; regiment raised in Essex and Plymouth counties to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Bancroft, Jonah. Private, Lieut. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 11 days ; marched 
to Bennington on an alarm ; also, Capt. John Bo.ynton's co.. Col. Sparhawk's 
regt., commanded by Maj. Jonas Wilder ; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 
18, 1777; service, 29 days, in Northern department. 



564 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bancroft, Jonas, Ward or Auburn (probably). 4th Sergeant, Capt. John Growl's cc, 
Col. Learned's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 
days. 

Bancroft, Jonathan, Westminster. Private, Capt. Elisha Jackson's eo.. Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; 
service, 11^ days. 

Bancroft, Jonathan, Dunstable. Sergeant, Capt. Leonard Btitterfield's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Bridge's regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cam- 
bridge ; service, 10 days. 

Bancroft, Jonathan, Western. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt.; enlisted May 5, 1777; discharged July 7, 1777; service, 2 mos. 
5 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bancroft, Jonathan. Receipt for wages for 3 mos. service, given to Capt. Butterfield, 
dated July 11, 1777. 

Bancroft, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10,1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 8 days, in Northern department. 

Bancroft, Jonathan, Chelmsford. Sergeant, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. 
Jonathan Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 
1 mo. 13 days; marched Sept. 30, 1777, to reinforce Northern army. 

Bancroft, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., commanded liy Lieut. Wil- 
liam White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; 
discharged Sept. 1, 1779; ser\ice, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Bancroft, Jonathan. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 6 days; marched 
from Windsor to Shaftesbury by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Bancroft, Jonathan, Pepperell. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Wood's CO., Col. Jonathan Reed's (Gth Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Little- 
ton, Sept. 17, 1777; joined Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bisxelow's 
(1.5th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Smith's co., Col. Bigelow's 
rest. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779 ; also, muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1777, dated Van Schaick's Island ; also, 
muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1777, dated Camp Stillwater; also, muster roll for 
Nov., 1777, dated Camp near Gulf; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1777-May, 1778, 
dated Camp at Valley Forge; reported on command with Clothier General's 
guard in April and May, 1778; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp 
Greenwich ; reported on command with Clothier General ; also, muster rolls for 
July, 1778-June, 1779, dated Camp Providence; reported on command with 
Clothier General's guard; also, muster roll for Aug., 1779, dated Camp at Salem; 
also, muster roll for Sept., 1779, dated Bedford; also, muster roll for Oct., 1779, 
dated Camp Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Nov. and Dec, 1779, dated High- 
lands; also. Sergeant, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Bigelow's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also. Private, 
Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster roll for Jan.-June, 1780, dated 
Camp Robinson's Farms; also, Sergeant, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; 
muster roll for July, 1780, dated Camp Tenack ; reported promoted from Private 
July 1, 1780; also, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; muster 
roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war. 

Bancroft, Josf.ph, Reading. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Eaton's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; reported as 
l)elon'nng to train band ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. James Bancroft's (4th) co., 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 565 

Bancroft, Joseph, continued. 

2d Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Woburn ; commis- 
sioned May 6, 1776; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Abraham Foster's (4th) co., 2d 
Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Aug. 20, 1777. 

Banckoft, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Andrew Elliot's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; service, 30 days; marched to reinforce Northern 
army at the taking of Gen. Burgoyne. 

Bancroit, Joseph. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Jesse Wyman's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt. ; muster roll taken to March 3, 1778, dated Bunker Hill ; enlisted Feb. 18, 
1778 ; reported detached as guards to Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

Bancroft, Joseph, Crroton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co., 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, 
light; hair, light; eyes, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Groton; enlisted 
March 9 (also given March 1), 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. 
Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (Sth) regt. ; muster rolls for June 
and July, 1781, dated Camp near Dobbs's Ferry; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, 
dated Camp Peekskill; reported transferred to Capt. Bowman's co. Aug. 1, 1781. 

Bancroft, Joshua, Reading. List of men returned as belonging to the train band 
under Capt. Thomas Eaton [year not given] . 

Bancroft, Kendall, Fitchburg. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Woods's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 9 days; also, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; pay 
abstract for mileage, etc., from Fitchburg to Dorchester Heights [probably in 
Sept., 1776] ; also, Capt. William Thurlow's co., Maj. Ebenezer Bridge's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1777 ; service, 9 days ; marched on an alarm at Bennington by 
order of Gen. Stark and Col. Warner; dismissed b.y Gen. Lincoln after proceed- 
ing 90 miles ; also, Capt. John White's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; enlisted 
April a, 1778; discharged June 20, 1778; service, 2 mos. 19 days, at and about 
Boston. 

Bancroft, Lemuel. Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 
days ; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Bancroft, Lemuel, Granville. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which 
marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 
days; reported enlisted into the army April 29, 1775; also, Capt. Ball's co.. Col. 
Timothy Danielson's regt.; list of officers in camp at Roxbury, May 22, 1775; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 10 
days; also, company return dated Roxljury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Warham 
Parks's co.. Col. Danielson's regt. ; raised in Hampshire and Worcester counties; 
list of officers of Mass. militia [year not given], [See Samuel Bencraft.] 

Bancroft, Nathan. Private, Capt. Josiah Wilder's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 10 days; 
marched on an alarm at Bennington. 

Bancroft, Nathaniel, Lynn. Captain of a company which marched on tlic alarm of 
April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Bancroft, Nathaniel, Shrewsbury. Corporal, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, 
Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bancroft, Nathaniel. Enlistment agreement dated April 26, 1775, signed by said 
Bancroft and others, engaging themselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775; joined 
Capt. Stearns's co., Col. Doolittle's regt. 



560 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bancroft, Nathaniel, Western. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah 
"Wliitney's reirt. ; enlisted May "i, 1777; discharged July 7, 1777; service, 2 mos. 
5 days, at llliode Island. 

Ban'CHoft, Raiiam, AVard or Auburn (probably). Private, Capt. John Crowl's co.. Col. 
Learned's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177">; service, 12 days. 

B.\xcroft, Rahasi, Worcester. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's 
(32d) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.5 ; enlisted June 1, 177") ; service, 2 mos. 
5 days ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bancroft, Raham. Private, Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Hampshire Co. regt., Gen. 
Danielson's l)rigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; roll made up to Oct. 31, 1778; service 
in Northern department under Gen. Stark. 

Bancroft, Raham, Warwick. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co.; age, 44 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Warwick ; enlisted April 18, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bancroft, Robert, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 30, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bancroft, Robert, Stoughton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Lyon's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777; joined Capt. 
Bussey's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported a foreigner; also, 
Matross, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co.. Col. John Crane's (3d Artillery) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, return for gratuities dated Park near Morristown, Jan. 28, 1780. 

Bancroft, Robert. Matross, Capt. Bryant's co. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780. to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bancroft, Robert, New Concord. Col. Crane's regt. ; list of men who served 3 years 
[year not given] . 

Bancroft, Samuel (also given Jr.). 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Cooley's (9th) co., 
Col. John Moseley's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned April 26, 1776; also, Capt. Cooley's co.. Col. Moseley's regt., com- 
manded by Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; discharged 
Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days, with Northern army. Roll dated Granville. 

Bancroft, Samiel. Private, Lieut. John Dix's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; service from July 2, 1778, to July 8, 1778, 7 days, at Fort No. 2, Cam- 
bridge; also, Capt. Dix's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; 
enlisted Aug. 1. 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rlioile Island; also, Capt. David Goodwin's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt.; 
enlisted Sei)t. 24, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days, fortify- 
ing posts in and about Boston ; also, Cai)t. Benjamin Peabody's co.. Col. Gerrish's 
(1st) regt.; enlisted Oct. 14. 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 
days. Roll dated Middleton. 

Bancroft, Samuel, Warwick. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, av'reeai)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; residence, Warwick; arrived at Spring- 
field July 6, 1780 ; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Tay- 
lor of 2d Mass. Line. 

Bancroft, Stephen, Granville. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Granville; arrived at S])ring- 
field July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Bancroft; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 5(37 

Bancroft, Stephex, continued. 

1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Granville for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 10, 1780; discharj^ed Dec. 
31, 1780; service, 5 mos. 25 days. 

Baxckoft, Thaddevs, Groton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in. ; complexion, ruddy; residence, Groton; arrived at Springfield 
July 9, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Ensign Ban- 
croft ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Groton for service in 
the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 8, 1780; discharged Nov. 19, 
1780; service, 4 mos. 23 days; also. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. 
Timothy BigeloNfs (l.'jth) regt. ; muster rolls for Aug.-Oct., 1780; enlisted July 
7, 1780; reported on extra duty with the sick. 

Baxcroft, Thomas. List of men who enlisted into the service for 3 years, dated Nov, 
16, 1776. 

Bancroft, Thomas, Stoughton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. L3-on's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777; joined Capt. 
Childs's CO., Col. Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported a foreigner; also, 
Private, Capt. Abijah Childs's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from April 8, 1777, to Jan. 27, 1778; reported 
deserted. 

Bancroft, Timothy, Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; 
discharged March 16, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Bancroft, William, Ward or Auburn (probably). Corporal, Capt. John Crowl's co., 
Col. Learned's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 
days. 

Bancroft, William. Private, Capt. Reuljen Dickenson's co. ; list of men returned as 
serving on picket guard under Maj. Baldwin, May 23, 1775. 

Bancroft, William, Conway. Private, Capt. Oliver's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bancroft, William. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 8 days, in Northern department. 

Bancroft, William. Private, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days ; marched from Windsor on an alarm by 
order of Gen. Fellows. 

Bancroft, William, Groton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Holden's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; joined Capt. 
Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothj' Bigelow's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war; also, Ensign, Col. Bigelow's regt.; Continental Arinj- pay accounts for ser- 
vice from March 31, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. 
Bigelow's regt. ; muster rolls for March-June, 1779, dated Providence; also, mus- 
ter roll for July, 1779 ; reported on command at Pound Ridge ; also, muster roll 
for Aug., 1779, dated Camp at Salem; reported transferred to Light Infantry; 
also. Light Infantry co.. Col. Bigelow's (15th) regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1779, 
dated Lower Salem ; also, Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Dow's (Light Infantry) 
CO., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster roll for Jan. -June, 1780, dated Robinson's Farms ; 
also, Capt. Michael G. Houdin's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster 
roll for Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Garrison at West Point ; also, 15th regt.. Gen. 
Glover's brigade ; return of men in service Dec. 14, 1780, dated Boston ; also, Capt. 



56S MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bancroft, "William, cotitinued. 

Joshua Benson's (Lidit Infantry) co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (r)th) regt. ; muster 
rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated Garrison at West Point ; reported on furlough at 
Groton, to expire April 1, 1781 ; also, returns of- officers dated Garrison at West 
Point, May 4-25, 1781. 

Bancroft, William. Ensign ; recommendation dated Boston, April 20, 1782, signed 
by Col. Henr}- Jackson, recommending to Gov. Hancock that said Bancroft be 
commissioned Lieutenant in place of Lieut. Clap promoted April 0, 1782; allowed 
in Council, May 1, 1782; also, letter dated llutts at New Boston, June 20, 1782, 
signed by Col. Henry Jackson, stating that said Bancroft resigns his position as 
Lieutenant May 25, 1782. 

Band, Moses. List of men stationed at Boston [year not given] ; reported a black- 
smith. 

Band, Peauticious (also given PAimors), Boston. Matross, Capt. Nathaniel Don- 
nell's CO., Col. John Crane's (3d Artillery) regt.; Continental Army \m\ accounts 
for service from Jan. G, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, during war; also, 
return dated Greenwich, Nov. 10, 1779; also. Continental Arm}' pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; also, muster rolls for Feb.-April, 1781, 
dated West Point ; reported a foreigner; enlisted by Sergt. Maj. Tracy. 

Band, Wiiakf, Lunenburg. List of men raised for the G months service and returned 
l)y Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. [See Wharf Rand.] 

Bane, Ahraham (also given Auneh), York. Private, Capt. Edward Grow's (York) 
CO.; eidisted July 10, 1775; roll made up for service from Nov. 1, 1775, to Dec 
31, 1775; also, Capt. Philip IIul)bard's co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776; rolls made up 
for 9 mos. 23 days service at Kittery Point and Old York ; also, list of enlisted 
men [year not given] ; residence, York ; enlisted for town of Easton ; also. Cor- 
poral, Col. Henry Sherburne's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from July 15, 1777, to March 11, 1779; reported deserted March 11, 1779; also, 
Capt. Joshua Trafton's co.. Col. Sherburne's regt. ; muster roll taken from July 
21, 1778, to Aug. 21, 1778, dated Camp " Middle Town ; " enlistment, 3 years. 

Bane, Daniel. Capt. Samuel Darby's co.. Col. James Scammon's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775 ; also. 
Private, Capt. Philij) llubljard's co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776; rolls made up for 9 
mos. 23 days service at Kittery Point and Old York. 

Bane, James. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th Lin- 
coln Co.) regt. ; enlisted Nov. 16, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1780 ; service, 18 days ; 
company ordered out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabitants of Frenchman's 
Bay. 

Bane, John. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co., as returned by Nathaniel Barl)cr, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777 ; Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Alden's regt. 

Bane, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co. of volunteers; service from July 28, 
1779, to Sept. 28, 1779, 2 mos., on expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Bane, John, Jr. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's (5th) co., 6th Lincoln Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 11, 1776; also, Cai)t. 
Sullivan's co. of volunteers; pay roll for service from July 28, 1779, to Sept. 28, 
1779, 2 mos., on expedition against Majorbagaduce ; also, Capt. Sullivan's co.. 
Col. Benjamin Foster's (6th Lincoln Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 20, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 19, 1780; service, 2 mos. ; ordered out by Col. John Allan to protect inhabi- 
tants of Frenchman's Bay. 

Bane, Leavis. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Grow's (York) co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; 
roll made up for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 569 

Bane, Nehemiah. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Grow's (York) co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775 ; 
roll made up for service from Nov. 1 to Dec. 31, 1775 ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
Philip nul)hard's co. ; enlisted Jan. 4, 1776; rolls made up for 10 mos. 11 days 
service at Kittery Point and Old York. 

Baxe, Samtt.i,. Private, Capt. Micah Hamblin's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; roll made 
up to Nov. 1, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 20 daj-s. 

Baxe, Samuel. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; return of men in service in 1776. 

Banerckaft, Joxathax. Private, Lieut. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt.; marched to Bennington Aug. 21, 1777, on an alarm; discharged 
Aug. 26, 1777; sfftvice, 11 days. 

Baxestek, Axdkew. Fifer, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at Claver- 
ack ; company raised in Worcester Co. for 3 mos. service. 

Baxestek, Chkistopher. Lieutenant, Capt. Robert "Webster's co., Col. John Fellows's 
regt.; list of officers dated Roxburj' Camp, June 10, 1775; commissioned June 7, 
1775. 

Banester, Daniel, Warwick. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Banester, James, Sutton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Banester, Levi, Wilbraham. Fifer, Capt. Malcolm Henry's co., Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Henry's co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Banester, Nathan, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. Artemas 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 18 daj's. 

Banester, Peter, Rehoboth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Banester, Seth, Brookfield. Adjutant, Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt. ; company re- 
turn dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also. Brigade INIajor, Col. John Bailey's (2d) 
regt.; returns for clothing dated Dorchester, Sept. 28 and Oct. 22, 1778; also, 
Captain, Col. William Shepard's (-Ith) regt. ; return of absent officers dated West 
Point, June 14, 1782; reported on command at Springtield by leave of Gen. Heath 
from Dec, 1780. 

Banester, Thomas, Brookfield. List of men drafted from Worcester Co. militia to go 
to Horse Neck under Col. Converse [year not given] ; drafted to serve under Capt. 
Abner How of Brookfield but failed to join regiment. 

Banester, William. Fifer, Capt. Joseph Warner's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, 
in Northern department. 

Banestor, Thomas. Capt. Thomas Whipple's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; enlisted 
March 30, 1778; roll made up to July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 days, guarding 
troops of convention. 

Bang, Benjamin. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Berry's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth Sept. 7, 1778 ; service, 7 days ; 
company made up from Harwich militia. 



s regt. 



570 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bang, David, Shutesbury. Private, Capt. Dickinson's co.. Col. Woodbridge' 
company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775. 

Bang, Edward. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Berry's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth Sept. 7, 1778; service, 7 days; 
company made up from Harwich militia. 

Bang, Nathan, Gorham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Alexander McLallan's co., Cumberland Co. regt., dated Nov. 23, 1778; joined 
Capt. Jenkins's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment to expire Dec. 1, 1779 ; return 
made to Capt. Bryant Morton of the State committee. 

Bang, Thomas. Capt. Cliarles Cushing's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Bangant, Daniel, Sandwich. Private, 6th co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 15, 1777, to July 10, 1777 ; 
reported killed. 

Bangen, . [This name also appears under the form of Bergen.] 

Bangen, Cornelius, Salem. Gunner, Capt. Sargent's co.. Col. John Crane's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 16, 1777, to Oct. 22, 1779 ; 
reported as serving 22 mos. 22 days as Matross, 7 mos. 15 days as Gunner; 
deserted Oct. 22, 1779. 

Bangle, John. Private, Capt. Leonard Bleeker's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Goose 
van Schaick's (1st New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated 
West Point ; enlistment, during war. 

Bangs, . [This name also appears under the form of Bang, Bayrigs, Bougs.] 

Bangs, , Cambridge (probably). I'rivate, Capt. Samuel Thatcher's co.. Col. Gard- 
ner's regt., whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1 day ; reported 
a scholar [probably a student] . 

Bangs, . Carpenter, brig " Reprisal," commanded by Capt. James Brown; taken 

by a Britisli frigate Fel). 19 ( ? ) , 1778 ; list of men dated Boston Harbor, on board 
brig " Reprisal," Feb. 10, 1778. 

Bangs, Abijah, Harwich. Captain, 3d (also given 8th) Harwich co., 2d Barnstable 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 20, 1776 ; also, list 
of officers chosen from Col. Freeman's and Col. Doane's regts. to reinforce the 
Lines in and about Boston; endorsed "letter from Joseph Otis, Sept., 1776;" 
also, Col. Nicholas Dike's regt. ; return for travel allowance sworn to Nov. 
26, 177G; company raised for defence of Boston; also, return of men in ser- 
vice from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; stationed at Dorchester Heights; re- 
ported commissioned Dec, 1776; also, pay abstract for gun and blanket money, 
dated Boston, Feb. 21, 1777; also. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; marched on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 1, 1777; service, 31 days; also, Maj. Zenas 
Winslow's regt.; pay abstract for 7 days service in Sept., 1778; marclied on 
alarms at Bedford and Falmouth; also, pay abstract for 2 days service from Nov. 
7, 1778, guarding prisoners from the ship " Somerset " at Harwich and from thence 
to Yarmouth ; also, pay abstract for 2 days service from Nov. 9, 1778, guarding 
prisoners from the ship "Somerset" at Harwich and from tlience to Barnstable. 

Bangs, Adnah, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Simon Hazeltine's co., wliicli marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 16 days; also. Corporal, Cai)t. Samuel Bil- 
lings's CO., Col. Eljenezer Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, comi)any return dated Oct. 7, 
1775. 



EST THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 571 

Bangs, Allen, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jonathan Crowell's co., which marched on 
tlie alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. 
Nathaniel Freeman's rcfjt. ; service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth 
and Falmouth on an alarm. 

Bangs, Barnabas, Gorham. Private, Capt. Hart Williams's co., which marched April 
21, 177'), in response to the alarm of April 19, 177"); service, 24 days; reported 
enlisted into the army May 1'), 1775; also, Capt. Williams's co., Col. Edmund 
riiinney's re^t. ; billeting roll from time of his enlistment to dat&of marchins: to 
lieadquarters, July 5, 1775, equivalent to 75 days ; roll sworn to at Cumberland 
Co. ; also, company return dated Cambrids^e, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Bangs, Barnabas. Clerk (also given Private), Capt. Bryant Mortim's co.. Col. Mitch- 
ell's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 27, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 25, 1776; service, 9 mos. 
29 days, at Cape Elizabeth and Scarborough. 

Bangs, Babnabas. Matross, Capt. Abner Lowell's (Artillery) co. ; service from July 
15, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 5 mos. 16 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Bangs, Cheapman (also given Chipman), Milton. Private, Capt. John Bradley's co., 
Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; marched to Dorchester Neck when the forts were 
erected on the Heights March 4, 1776; service, 5 days; also, Capt. Josiah Vose's 
CO. ; service from April 13 to April 26, 1776, 12 days, on the sea coast. 

Bangs, David, Shutesbury. Private, Capt. Reul)en Dickenson's co., Col. Woodbridge's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amherst; service, 11 
days. 

Bangs, David, Jr., Shutesbury. Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Benjamin Bug- 
gies Woodbridge's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 22, 
1775; also. Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enHsted May 1, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 8 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Bangs, Dean, Harwich. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return 
of men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for gun 
and blanket money dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777. 

Bangs, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's (2d 
Barnstable Co.) regt.; service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on alarms at 
Bedford and Falmouth ; also, pay abstract for 2 days service from Nov. 7, 1778, 
guarding prisoners from the ship "Somerset" at Harwich and from thence to 
Yarmouth. 

Bangs, Elijah. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co. ; pay rolls for service from May 31, 
1776, to Nov. 22, 1776, 5 mos. 22 days, at Truro. 

Bangs, Elisha, Lenox. Private, Capt. Caleb Hyde's co., Col. James Easton's regt.; 
enlisted May 10, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; marched to Ticonderoga on an alarm. 

Bangs, Elisha. Private, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 24 days, at 
the Northward. 

Bangs, Enoch. Private, Capt. John Oliver's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; pay 
roll for 104 days service, allowed in Council, Aug. 12, 1777 ; served 3 mos. in Jersej'. 

Bangs, Isaac. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co., Col. Cary's regt. ; list ot 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Feb. 21, 1776 ; regiment raised to reinforce 
army until April, 1776 ; also, list of officers [probably in service during 1775 and 

1776] . 

Bangs, Isaac. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Berry's (1st Harwich) 3d co., 2d Barn- 
stable Co. regt. ; list of officers of iVIass. militia ; commissioned April 20, 1776. 



572 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXP SAILORS 

Bangs, Isaac. Surgeon's Mate, frigate " Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Tucker ; engaged March 8, 1779 [service not given] . 

Bangs, James, Williamsburg. Sergeant, Capt. Abel Thaj-er's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 10, 177.T ; service, 7 days ; reported 
enlisted into the army April 28, 177") ; also, Capt. Thayer's co., Col. John Fellows's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"i; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 
days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct., 1775. 

Baxg8, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Berry's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth Sept. 7, 1778; service, 6 days; 
company made up from Harwich militia. 

Bangs, John, Montague. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; comjjlexion, light; residence, Montague; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780; niarclied to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Sliay ; also, i)ay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Montague 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 9, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 13, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. 

Bangs, Jonathan, Yarmouth. Corporal, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc , to Tlconderoga, dated Boston, 
Jan. 15, 1777. 

Bangs, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Natlianiel Freeman's 
regt. ; service, 3 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an 
alarm. 

Bangs, Joseph, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Jcmathan Crowell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Bangs, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 8, 1775 ; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 28 days. Roll dated Barnstable. 

Bangs, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co., detached from militia; marched 
on an alarm at Falmouth Sept. 13, 1779; discharged Sept. 17, 1779; service, 
5 days. 

Bangs, Joshua. Lieutenant, Capt. Job Crocker's co.. Col. Doane's regt. ; list of men 
returned by Brig. Otis, dated Barnsta'ble, Jan. 7, 1777. 

Bangs, Joshua, New Casco. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co. ; pay abstract for 
travel allowance dated Watertown, Aug. 20, 1776; also, Capt. Wentworth's co.. 
Col. Aaron "Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from New Casco to 
Bennington, dated Boston, Jan. 6, 1777; also, pay abstract for travel allowance 
from Fort Edward home, dated Boston, Jan. 15, 1777. 

Bangs, Joshua, Falmouth (also given Ticonderoga, Barnstable and Casco). Return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland 
Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Daniel 
Lane's co., Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec 31, 1779; also, list of men mustered 
by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777; also, Capt. 
Lane's co.. Col. Ichabod Alden's (6th) regt.; muster return dated Albany, Jan. 
14, 1778; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Cheny Valley; 
enlisted Dec. 1, 1776; also, Capt. Iloldcn's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. j Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descrip- 
tive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; Light Infantry co., Lieut. Col. J. 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light (also 
given dark); hair, light (also given dark); occupation, seaman; residence, 
Casco; enlisted April, 1779; enlistment, during war; reported mustered by Capt, 
Lane; also, Capt. William White's (Light Infantry) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 573 

Bangs, Jo.shva, conthixied. 

regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; also, Capt. Asa Co1)urn's 
(Light Infantr}-) co. ; muster rolls for Feb., 1781-Feb., 17S2, dated York Huts; 
also. Sergeant, Light Infantry co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; list of men fur- 
loughed ; leave given by Gen. Patterson Dec. 17, 17H2, to go from New AVindsor 
home to Casco Bay for 50 days; reported deserted from furlough Feb. 28, 1783. 

Bangs, Nathan, Hardvrlck. Private, Capt. Simon Hazeltine's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 117'^ ; service, 10 days. 

Bangs, Nathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Sawyer's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Dec. 1, 177o; 
reported re-engaged Nov. 20, 177G. 

Bangs, Nathan, Gorham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Alexander McLellan's co.. Col. Reuben Fogg's (3d Cumberland Co.) regt., dated 
Fel). 23, 1778; joined Capt. Josiah Jenkins's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years, to expire Dec, 1779; return made to Capt. Briant Morton, 
one of State committee; also, Private, Capt. Sewell's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1"), 1779; 
reported died April 1.5, 1779; also, Capt. Jenkins's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; pay 
abstract for subsistence money from Jan. 1, 1777, dated Boston, March 19, 1777; 
also, muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 23, 1778; mustered by Maj. 
Insley. 

Bangs, Nathaniel, Bai're. Private, Cai)t. AVilliam Henry's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted May 5, 1777 ; discharged July 5, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Bangs, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777 ; roll made up to Dec. 22, 1777, dated Providence, 
R. I. ; enlistment, 6 months; return made by Andrew Brown, Deputy Muster 
Master; also, list of men who received arms from the province, dated North 
Kingston, Dec. 15, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for bounty allowed from Oct. 10, 1777, 
to Jan. 4, 1778, 2 mos. 25 days. 

Bangs, Reuben. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; marched 
to Ticonderoga May 10, 1777; discharged July 10, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days. 
Roll swom to in Hampshire Co. 

Bangs, Reuben. Private, Capt. Russell Kellogg's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 5 days, on an 
alarm at Bennington; roll sworn to at Boston; also, Lieut. Kellogg's co.. Col. 
Ezra May's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 30 
days; marched to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Bangs, Reuken, Williamsburg. Private, Capt. Samuel Fairfield's co.. Col. Nathan 
Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1778; service, 2 mos. 25 days, at Dorchester. 

Bangs, Solomon. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's (2d Barn- 
stable Co.) regt.; service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on alarms at Bedford 
and Falmouth. 

Bangs, Thomas, Hingham. Private, Capt. Loring's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, Capt. 
Cushing's co., Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775. 

Bangs, Thomas, Gorham (also given Falmouth). Drummer, Capt. Hart Williams's 
CO., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; billeting roll from time of enlistment to date 
of marching to headquarters, July 5, 1775, equivalent to 16 da»s; roll sworn to 
in Cumberland Co.; also. Private; company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 7, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, 
Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 



571 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bangs, Thomas, Harwich. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's CO., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstrart for gun and blanket money, dated Boston, Fel). 24, 1777; also, return of 
men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777 ; also pay abstract for 2 days 
service from Nov. 9, 1778, guarding prisoners from the shiji " Somerset " at Har- 
wich and from thence to Barnstable. 

Bangs, Thomas. Private, Capt. Elijah Sraalley's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
service, 4 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Bangs, Tho.mas, Gorham. Capt. Samuel Whitmore's co., Col. Reuben Fogg's regt. ; 
pay abstract for mileage [year not given] 

Bangs, Zexas. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 18 days. Roll dated Barnstable. 

Baniser, Eli. Capt. Isaac Colton's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 9tli 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated lloxbury, Nov. 15, 
1775. 

Banister, Aaron. Private, Capt. Silas Walker's co.. Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted Nov. 1, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
4 days, at Boston ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Banister, Andrew. Fifer, Capt. William Tucker's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 8, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 25 days, including 
time to return home. 

Banister, Andrew. Receipt for 3 months bounty dated Brookfield, Oct. 20, 1779. 

Banister, Barzillai. Corporal, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Soul's) co., Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted 
Nov. 20, 1775. 

Banister, Benoni, Springfield. Private, Capt. Gideon Burt's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Banister, Benoni, Longmeadow. Private, Capt. Reuben Munn's co., Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt. ; return for travel allowance dated Roxl)ury, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Banister, Benoni. Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged April 2, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 
Roll dated Springfield. 

Banister, Benoni. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 26 days, 
in Northern department, under Gen. Gates. 

Banister, Benoni, Springfield. Private, Cai)t. Joshua L. Woodbridge's co., Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 16, 1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; service, 
5 mos. 20 days, at Rhode Island. 

Banister, Benoni. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co., Col. Ezra AVood's regt.; pay 
roll for 10 days service in May and June, 1778; also, pay rolls for Aug., Sept., 
Oct. and Dec, 1778; also, order for wages for service in Col. Wood's regt., dated 
Springfield, March 8, 1779; also, Capt. Carpenter's co. ; enlisted June 16, 1780; 
roll made up to Sept. 16, 1780; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield; en- 
listment, 8 months. 

Banister, Bezaleel, Chesterfield. Private, Capt. Robert AVebster's co., Gen. Pom- 
roy's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 1 mo. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 575 

Banister, Bezaleel. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. Ezra May's ref;t. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days, on expedition 
to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Banister, Cato. Private, Capt. John Holden's (2d) co.. Col. Christopher Greene's 
regt.; muster roll for July, 1779, dated Camp at East Greenwich; enlistment, 
during war. 

Banister, Christopher, Chesterfield. Lieutenant, Capt. Robert Webster's co.. Gen. 
Pomroy's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 177"); service, 6 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. "Webster's 
CO., Col. Fellows's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 
8, 1775 ; also, Captain, Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted May 8, 1777 ; discharged 
July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; marched to Ticonderoga; also, Col. Ezra 
May's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days, 
on expedition to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Banister, Eli, Springfield. Private, Capt. Isaac Colton's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 20, 1775; service, 2 mos. 16 
days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Ephraim 
Chapin's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1777 ; discharged 
Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 26 days, in Northern department under Gen. 
Gates; also, Capt. Joshua L. Woodbridge's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; en- 
listed July 16, 1779 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Rhode Island ; reported deserted 
Oct. 18, 1779. 

Banister, Jesse, Brooktield. Private, Capt. Ithamar Wright's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 

27, 1775; also, Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 20, 1775; also. Corporal, Capt. Asa Dan- 
forth's CO. of volunteers. Col. Convers's regt. ; marched to join Gen. Gates's army 
Sept. 23, 1777 ; service, 31 days ; also, receipt for bounty paid him by Loring Lin- 
coln for a class of the town of Brookfield to serve in the Continental Army for 
the term of 3 years, dated Brookfield, April 9, 1781 ; service to begin Jan. 3, 1781. 

Banister, John, Brookfield. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co.. Brig. Gen. 
Jonathan Warner's brigade; list of nominations submitted in a letter signed by 
Brig. Warner, dated July 29, 1776; also, letter dated Brookfield, Aug. 17, 1776, 
signed by Col. James Converse, stating that said Banister complies with orders to 
march but declines taking his commission until further orders; also, Capt. 
Knowlton's co., Col. Dike's regt.; return of men dated Dorchester; marched to 
camp Aug. 18, 1776 ; company raised for defence of Boston ; also, pay abstract 
for travel allowance from Dorchester home to Brookfield, dated Dorchester, Nov. 
20, 1776. 

Banister, John. Captain, Brookfield Artillery co., Col. Convers's (4th Worcester Co.) 
regt.. Brig. Warner's brigade ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 

28, 1776; also. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; pay abstract for service in Northern 
department from Aug. 26 to Oct. 12, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for rations from Oct. 
13 to Dec. 8, 1777; service in Northern department; also, pay abstract dated 
Scarsdeal, Nov. 30, 1777. 

Banister, Joseph, Wilbraham. Private, Capt. Paul Langdon's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; discharged May 1, 1775; 
service, 11 days. 

Banister, Joseph. Private, Capt. Aaron Graves's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted May 8, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the 
Northward. 



576 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Banister, Levi, Wilbraham (also given Springfield). Private, Capt. Paul Langdon's 
CO., which marched April 20, 177."), in response to the alarm of April 19, 177.") ; dis- 
charged May 1, 1775 ; service, 11 days ; also, Fifer, Capt. Henry's co., Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 4, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. ; also, 
Drummer, Capt. Cliarles Colton's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 1, 1779; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported deserted l)ut returned July, 1780; also, Private, Lieut. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from July 
20, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Banister, Levi. Lieut. Col. Hull's co., 3d regt.; enlisted July 15, 1779; discharged 
April 15, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. [Name crossed out on roll.] 

Banister, Nathan. Private, Capt. Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Joseph Whitney's regt.; 
service from May 4, 1777, to July 4, 1777, 2 mos. 7 days, at Rhode Island, under 
Maj. Gen. Spencer. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Banister, Nathan. Corporal, Capt. Asa Rice's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
July 27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days ; marched to Man- 
chester and Bennington on an alarm. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Banister, Peter, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted July 1, 1779; discharged Dec. 31, 1779; service, 6 mos., on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; enlistment, 6 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also, pay roll for 
6 months men raised by the town of Rehoboth for service in tlie Continental Army 
during 1780; marched to West Point July 7, 1780; discharged Jan. 10, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 13 days; also, list of men raised in Bristol Co., agreeable to resolve 
of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Banister, Seth, Brookfickl. List of men who served to tlie credit of the 3d precinct 
of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778; credited witli 19 mos. service. 

Banister, Setk. Captain, 4th regt.; list of officers of Mass. Line; commissioned 
April 1, 1778; also. Captain and Brigade Major, Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 13, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported as serving as Paymaster until April 2, 1777, as Brigade Major 
until July 25, 1779, and as Captain until Dec. 31, 1779; also. Brigade Major, Col. 
John Bailey's (2d) regt.; (late) Gen. Learned's brigade; order for clothing to be 
delivered to Lieut. Col. Ezra Badlam, dated Camp at White Plains, Aug. 19, 
1778 (name crossed out on order) ; also, list of officers dated Boston, May 19, 
1779; also, letter dated Brookfield, Dec. 26, 1780, signed by Isaac Pope, stating 
tliat said Banister has not received his clothing for 1779; also, -ith regt., Gen. 
Glover's lirigade ; return of men in service Dec. 14, 1780, dated Boston ; also, 4th 
(Light Infantry) co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; return for arms, etc., dated May 27, 
1781 ; also, muster roll for May, 1781, dated Pliillipsburgh ; reported on furlougli ; 
also,M CO., Col. Shepard's regt.; muster roll for June, 1781; reported on com- 
mand at Springfield; also, muster roll for July, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh;' re- 
ported on command at Springfield ; also reported on furlough ; also, muster roll 
for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill; reported on command at Sj^ringfield; 
also reported on furlough; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental 
Village; reported on command at Springfield by the General's orders; also, 
muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Fel)., 1782, dated York Huts; reported on command 
at Springfield by order of Gen. Heath ; also, returns of officers, dated Cantonment 
1st Brigade, Feb. 22-April 12, 1782; a/so, return dated York Hutts, May 10, 1782; 
also, return dated Cantonment 1st Brigade, May 21, 1782 ; also, returns dated ^'er- 
planck's Point, Sept. 20-Oct. 25, 1782; also, return dated Camp near Windsor, 
Dec. G, 1782; reported on command at Springfield from Dec, 1780, by order of 
Gen. Heath; a/so. Adjutant, Col. Ebenezer Learned's (Worcester Co.) regt. [year 
not given] . 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 577 

Banistek, Seth, Jr., Brookfield. Corporal, Capt. Ithamar Wright's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; reported enlisted into the army 
April 27, 1775. 

Banister, Solomox, Brookfield. List of men who served to the credit of the 3d 
Precinct of Brookfield, dated June 30, 1778 ; credited with 9| mos. service ; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Hamilton's co. of volunteers from 3d Precinct of 
Brookfield; service from Jan. 1, 1779, to Feb. 12, 1779, 1 mo. 12 days, under 
Lieut. Joseph Olmstead, guarding stores at Brookfield. 

Banister, Thomas, Jr., Brookfield. Private, Capt. Adams Bailey's co., Col. John 
Bailey's regt. (commanded by Lieut. Col. Sprout after Jan. 1, 1781) ; muster roll 
for 2 years from Jan. 1, 1780; enlisted Jan. 23, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; re- 
ported as belonging to 1st Parish of Brookfield. 

Banister, William. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. David AV^ells's 
regt.; enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; 
marched to Ticonderoga. 

Banister. William. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co., Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug 27, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 12 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Banittist, Samuel. Receipt for shoes given by said Banittist to Capt. William Per- 
kins, dated July 21, 1778. [Name crossed out on receipt.] 

Bank, Thomas. Capt. Daniel Pomeroy's co., Hampshire Co. regt.. Gen. Danielson's 
brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Oct. 31, 1778; service in Northern 
department under Gen. Stark. 

Bankcroft, James. Captain, 8th regt. ; commissioned July 16, 1776; list of settlements 
of rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board held for the pur- 
pose and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779. 

Banker, . [This name also appears under the form of Bunker.] 

Banker, James. Matross, Capt. John Doughty's co.. Col. John Lamb's (2d Artillery) 
regt. ; muster rolls for Feb. -April, 1781, dated West Point; reported on command 
after deserters in Feb. and March, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Banker, John, Brookfield (also given New York) . Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Armj- from Capt. N. Hamilton's (1st) co.. Col. Converse's (4th Worcester 
Co.) regt., dated Feb. IS, 1778 ; enlisted for town of Brookfield (also given West- 
ern) ; joined Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Asa Coburn's co.. Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 6 mos. as Private, 30 mos. as Corporal; also, Capt. Coburn's 
CO., Col. Ichabod Alden's (6th) regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Jan. 12, 1778; 
mustered by Capt. Newhall ; also, Lieut. Col. William Stacy's co., Col. Alden's 
(6th) regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Fort Alden; reported 
on command at Albany. 

Banker, William. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Boston, June, 1780; Lieut. 
Moore's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; 
complexion, dark; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bankes, James. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Convers's regt. ; ser- 
vice from July 23 to July 26, 1777, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bankes, William. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Convers's regt. ; 
service from July 23 to July 26, 1777, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bankes, William. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; 
enlisted July 2, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 2, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. Roll dated Camp 
Providence. 



578 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.\ILORS 

Bankraft, Robert, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Frederick Pope's cc, Col. Sargent's 
reirt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 26, 1775; service, 1 nio. 
8 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bankraft, Thomas, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Frederick Pope's co.. Col. Sargent's 
regt. ; musterroll dated Aug. 1,1775; enlisted June 27, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Banks, . [This name also appears under the form of Bank, Bankes.] 

Banks, James, Oakham. List of men drafted from Worcester Co. militia to go to Horse 
Neck under Col. Converse who did not join regiment; drafted to serve under 
Capt. Abner How of Brookfield [year not given] . 

Banks, Jeremiah, York (also given Kittery). List of men mustered in York Co. by 
J. Bragdon, Muster Master, dated Feb. 20, 1777 ; Capt. Daniel Wlieehvriglit's co.. 
Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; reported received State and Continental bounties; 
also, Private, Capt. Wheelwright's co., Col. Francis's regt. ; roll made up for 
rations from date of enlistment, Jan. 18, 1777, to date of marching, March 22, 
1777 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, dark; residence. Old York; enlisted April, 1779, by Capt. 
Francis; joined Capt. Thomas Francis's co., 11th regt.; enlistment, during war; 
reported deserted March, 1780. 

Banks, Jeremiah, Scarborough. Fifer, Capt. Jeremiah Hill's co., Col. Edmund Phin- 
ney's regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776 ; enlisted Dec. 
4, 1775; reported discharged July 31, 1776; also, Capt. John Wcntworth's co. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Watertown, Aug. 20, 1776; also, Capt. 
Wentworth's co.. Col. Aaron Willard's regt. ; pay al)stract for travel allowance 
from Scarborough to Bennington, dated Boston, Jan. 6, 1777; also, pay abstract 
for travel allowance from Fort Edward home, dated Boston, Jan. 15, 1777; also, 
Matross, Capt. Wentworth's co.. Col. Peter Noyes's regt.; return of men at Fort 
Hancock, Cape Elizal)eth; reported mustered by Col. Noyes May 20, 1777; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Armj" from Capt. Roger Lebby's co., Cum- 
berland Co. regt., dated Nov. 25, 1778; joined Capt. Skillings's co. ; enlistment, 
9 months ; also, Fifer, Capt. Thomas Hodsdon's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted May 14, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 9 mos. 3 days; enlist- 
ment, 8 months; roll dated Berwick; also, pay rolls for July-Sept., 1778, dated 
West Point; rt/so, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, and Jan., 1779, dated King's 
Ferry; also, Capt. Benjamin Larrabee's co., Col. Mitchel's regt.; marched July 
9, 1779, on an expedition to Penobscot; discharged Sept. 12, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
3 days. 

Banks, Jeremiah, Old York. Private on board the "America" (privateer), com- 
manded by Capt. William Coffin ; descriptive list of officers and crew dated Oct. 
11,1780; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark; residence. Old York. 

Banks, John, Grafton (also given Alstead). Private, Capt. Luke Drury's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt.; musterroll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days; a/so, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; a/so, receipt 
for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 3, 1775. 

Banks, John. Private, Capt. John Savory's co. ; enlisted Nov. 30, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 3, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; detached from 2d Foot co. in Bradford for defence 
of Cape Ann. 

Banks, John, New York. Conductor of military stores in department of Field Com- 
missary ; appointed April 12, 1777 ; stationed at West Point. 

Banks, John, Pepperellborough. Private, Capt. Edward Grow's (York) co. ; enlisted 
July 10, 1775 ; roll made up to Dec. 31 , 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 21 days ; also, descrip- 
tive list of men enlisted from York Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 579 

Banks, John, continued. 

their arrival at Fishkill, June 4, 1778; Capt. Pike's co., 3d regt. ; age, 20 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; residence, Pepperellborough ; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel Cousens's co., (late) Maj. Littlefield's (York Co.) regt.; enlisted July 
6, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 24, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 19 days, on expedition against 
Penobscot. 

Baxks, Johx, Kittery. Private, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 30, 1779; 
reported deserted March 30, 1779. 

Banks, Jonathan, Wells (also given Sanford). Private, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co., 
Col. James Scanunon's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; reported discharged July 25, 1775; also, Capt. 
James Hnlibard's CO., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) regt.; company return 
dated Winter Hill, Oct. 10, 1775; o/so, "order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Banks, Moses, Scarborough. Capt. John Rice's co. ; billeting roll from date of enlist- 
ment. May 15, 1775, to date of marching to headquarters, July 4, 1775, equivalent 
to 50 days; also. Quartermaster, Capt. Bracket's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
(31st) regt.; company return dated Sept. 29, 1775; enlisted May 7, 1775; also, 
list of officers recommended by Council, Oct. 6, 1775, to be commissioned by Gen. 
Washington ; also, 2d Lieutenant and Quartermaster, Capt. Jeremiah Hill's co.. 
Col. Phinney's regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported cashiered July 26, 1776. 

Banks, Pelatiah. Private, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co. (commanded l)y Lieut. Samuel 
Young after Aug. 3, 1779), (late) Maj. Littlefield's detachment from York Co.; 
enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos., on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Banks, Richard. Private, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co. (commanded by Lieut. Samuel 
Young after Aug. 3, 1779), (late) Maj. Littlefield's detachment from York Co.; 
enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos., on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Banks, Tho3Ias, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 18, 1775 ; also, re- 
ceipt for bounty paid him by selectmen of Hatfield, dated July 24, 1778 ; marched 
to Albany. 

Banks, Williajf. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Converse's regt. ; 
marched to Bennington on the alarm of Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; 
service, 5 days. 

Banks, Williaji, Oakham. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll's co.. Col. Dauforth Keyes's 
regt.; enlisted July 2, 1777; discharged Jan. 4, 1778; service, 6 mos. 2 days. 
Roll dated Providence and sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Banks, AVilliam, Richmond. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. bj- Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master, dated June 5, 1778 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Banks, Williasi, Ipswich. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted July 4, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Banks, Zaccheus (also given Zachariah), Charlestown. Capt. Benjamin Bullard'a 
CO., Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
3, 1775; service, 3 mos.; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 



580 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Banks, Zachariah (also given Zaccheus), Boston. List of men mustered in Suffolk 
Co. by Nathaniel Barl)er, Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777; Capt. 
"Wellington's co.. Col. "Wigglesworth's regt. ; also, list of enlisted men returned 
l)y Col. Benjamin Gill, June 27, 1777 ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of 
AVeston; enlistment, during war ; also, Drummer, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co., 
Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Armj- pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Aaron llaynes's co., 
Col. Edward "Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated "N'alley 
Forge; «/.so, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp " Greenage ; " also, Capt. 
Jolm K. Smith's co.. Col. "Wigglcswoi-th's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; reported transferred to Capt. Ebenezer Smitli's co. ; also, 
Capt. Smith's co.. Col. "Wigglesworth's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 
1779, dated Providence; also, Capt. Smith's co., Col. Smith's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; a/so, Capt. 
Matthew Chaml)ers's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's (later Nixon's) 6th regt. ; returns 
for wages, etc., for Jan., 1781-Dec., 1782; reported sick in hospital in June, 1782; 
also, Capt. Japlieth Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; return for wages, etc., 
for June-Dec, 1782 ; reported transferred from 6th co. ; also, discharge dated June 
9, 1783, signed by Gen. "Washington ; honorably discharged from position as 
Drummer in 6th regt. ; total service, 7 yrs. 3 mos. 

Baxks, Zebediah, Old York. Private on board the "America" (privateer), com- 
manded l)y Capt. "\A'llliam Coffin ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Oct. 
11, 1780; age, 26 yrs.; stature, ") ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Old 
York. 

Banley, Barxahas. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. AVil- 
liams; engaged May 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days; reported as one of the crew 
placed on board the ship " Putnam " or who left the brig on her arrival at Boston. 

Banner, CHRisToniER, Abington. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bannester, Jesse. Private, Capt. Nathan Goodale's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated Garrison at AVest Point; enlisted Jan. 
23, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bannester, Nathan. Corporal, Capt. Reul^en Sibley's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; marched Jnly 30, 1778, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; discharged Sept. 12, 
1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days. 

Bannet, Isaac, Pelham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 21 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Pelham ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780. 

Bannister, . [This name also appears under the form of Bainestcr, Bamis- 

ter, Banester, Banestor, Baniser, Banister, Bannester, Bansnester, Banvenster, 
Bonister.] 

Bannister, Andrew. Fifer, Capt. Timothy Paisre's co.. Col. John Rand's regt.; 
enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bannister, Bar. Private, Capt. Christopher Bannister's co.. Col. John Dickinson's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. '22, 1777 ; service, 8 days ; marched 
to Bennington to reinforce army. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Bannister, Benoni, Springfield (2d Parish). Private, Capt. Reuben Munn's co.. Col. 
Nicholas Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Boston, Nov. 
26, 1776. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 581 

Bannister, Benoni. Private, Capt. Aaron Graves's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bannister, Benoxi. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; 
time of arrival at camp (7 days after enlistment) July 9, 1778 ; discharged Jan. 
27, 1779; service, 7 mos. 10 days, at North River; enlistment, 8 months; also, 
Capt. Carpenter's co. ; enlisted Sept. 17, 1780 ; discharged Feb. 17, 1781 ; service, 

5 mos., with guards at Springfield. 

Bannister, Benom. Private, Capt. Joshua Woodbridge's co. ; pay abstract for service 
at Rhode Island in 1779. 

Bannister, Christopher, Chesterfield. Captain, (1st Chesterfield) 9th co., 2d Hamp- 
shire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 5, 1776 ; also, 
Col. John Dickinson's regt. ; marched to Bennington Aug. 17, 1777, on an alarm; 
discharged Aug. 22, 1777; service, 8 days; also, 2d Major, 2d Hampshire Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 30, 1778. 

Bannister, John. Captain, 4th regt.; commissioned April 1, 1778; list of settlements 
of rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board held for the purpose 
and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779. 

Bannister, John. Seaman; list of men on the United States brig "General Gates," 
commanded by Capt. John Skimmer, entitled to prize shares [year not given] ; 
entitled to one share in the "Montague." 

Bannister, Lemuel. Corporal, Capt. Christopher Bannister's co.. Col. John Dickin- 
son's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 22, 1777; service, 8 days; 
marched to Bennington to reinforce the army. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Bannister, Levi. Capt. Henry's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt.; list of men in need 
of blankets ; certified July 25, 1775. 

Bannister, Peter, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, negro; residence, Rehoboth; arrived at Spring- 
field July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Bancroft; also, descriptive list of enlisted men raised in Bristol Co., agreeable to 
resolve of Dec. 2, 1780, dated Taunton, May 22, 1781 ; age, 20 j-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 

6 in.; complexion, black ; occupation, laborer; residence, Rehoboth; conducted 
to Springfield by John Burt ; delivered to Col. Shepard ; enlisted April 18, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Bannister, Seth, Brookfield. Adjutant, Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt. ; engaged April 
19, 1775 ; roll made up to April 24, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; also, list of officers ; 
commissioned May [year not given] ; also, pay roll for 3 mos. 15 days service 
from April 24, 1775 ; also, Captain, 4th Light Infantry co., Col. William Shepard's 
(4th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 
31, 1780; also, return of officers dated Verplanck's Point, Sept. 13, 1782; reported 
on command at Springfield from Dec, 1780, by order of Gen. Heath. 

Bannister, Solomon. Corporal, Capt. John Morgan's co., detached from militia of 
Hampshire and Worcester counties; enlisted Jan. 1,1778; discharged July 1, 
1778; service, 6 mos., guarding stores and magazines at Springfield and Brook- 
field. 

Bannister, Thomas, Brookfield. Fifer, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt.; enlisted May 5, 1777; discharged July 6, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Banns, Silas. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 13, 1777 ; service, 23 days, at Still- 
water. 



582 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Banot, Aaron. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
muster roll for Dec, 1777, dated Camp Valley Forge; enlisted May 15, 1777; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 10, 1778; reported sick at "Roden;" also reported sick 
at Paxton Sept. 1, 1777. 

Baxsford, Joseph. Capt. Caleb Champney's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated Aug. 7, 1782. 

Bansnestek, William. Private, Capt. Timothy Cliilds's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Bansox, Jacoh, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Norton's co.. Col. John Ilathway's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 4, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1781 ; service, 4 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Baxsox, Johx, Freetown. Corporal, Caj)t. Joseph Norton's co., Col. John Hathway's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1781 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1781 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Bant, Josiah, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge; service, 17 days. 

Baxt, William. List of men belonging to an Independent co. formed at Boston, dated 
Dec. 7, 1776. 

Banter, Levi. Capt. Allen's co. ; enlisted Jul}' 22, 1779; discharged April 22, 1780; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Baxti.e, Niles. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Herrick's co., Col. John Asldey's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt., Brig. Gen. Fellows's brigade ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 
18, 1777; service, 27 days; ordered by Maj. Gen. Gates to reinforce Northern 
army. Roll dated Tyringham. 

Baxtlet, John, Litlleborough. Private, Lieut. Col. Milieu's co.. Col. James Wesson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779. 

Baxtom, Johx, Beverly. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted March 13, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baxtox, Amos. Private, Capt. Jesse Bradle.y's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 27 days. 

Bantox, Joxas, Wilbraham. Private, Capt. Charles Colton's co., Col. John Greaton's 
(2d) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Jan. 
23, 1778; mustered by Col. Woodbridge; reported deserted but returned; addi- 
tional service from Jan. 23, 1778, to Nov. 1, 1778; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baxvexster, Thomas, Jr., Brookfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Dan- 
forth's CO., Col. Rice's regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Brookfield; enlisted Jan. 23, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Baols, Erexezer. Sergeant, Capt. Steplien Churchill's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; enlisted March 9, 1781; disciiarged March 31, 1781; service, 23 days, at 
Newport, R. I. ; marched to Rhode Island on an alarm l)y order of the governor. 
[See Ebenezer Bolss.] 

Bai'ariax, Peter. Seaman, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; 
engaged May 10, 1779; roll made up to Sept. 6, 1779; service, 3 mos. 28 days. 

Baimjldt. George. List of men raised by the town of Boston for service in the Conti- 
nental Army, agrecal)le to resolve of April 20, 1778. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 583 

Bapsox, AiiRAH.v.M. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Fales's co. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1779; dis- 
charged Aug. 1;"), 1779; service, 13 days; marched on expedition to Majorbaga- 
duce by order of Gen. Lovel. 

Bapsox, Isaac. Private, Capt. George Minot's co.. Col. Eleazcr Brooks's regt. ; en- 
listed March 4, 1776; service, 5 days. Boll dated "Watertown. 

Bai'sox, Samuel, Cape Ann. Cajjtain ; reported as having been confined on a guard 
ship in England and as proceeding later to Halifax, having obtained his discharge ; 
from thence was convej'ed ))y the shallop "Sea Flower" of Yarmouth, N. S., 
Capt. Solomon Rider, and landed at Piscataqua June, 1777. 

Baptisdiago, Michael. Private, Capt. Seth Clark's co., Barnstable Co. regt. ; pay 
roll for service from July 1 to Dec. 31, 1775. 

Baptise, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated June, 1780; Capt. 
Kneeland's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; complexion, brown; residence, Boston- enlistment, 6 months, from July, 
1780. 

Baptiss, Johx, Harwich. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; return 
of men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Baptist, . [This name also appears under the form of Babtist, Baptise, Baptiss, 

Batest, Battist, Batturst.] 

Baptist, Johx. Private, Capt. Aml)rose Bears's co. of Indians, Col. Jonathan Eddy's 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 20, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 1 mo. 27 days, at 
Fort Cumberland, N. S. 

Baptist, Johx. Marine, ship " General Putnam," commanded bj' Capt. Daniel M'aters ; 
engaged July 15, 1779; service, 1 mo. 22 days. 

Baptist, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Day's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4^ in.; complexion, dark; 
hair, black; occupation, mariner; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Brim- 
field; enlisted March 29, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baptist, Michael. Private, Capt. Ambrose Bears's co. of Indians; Col. Jonathan 
Eddy's regt.; enlisted Oct. 20, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 1 mo. 27 
days, at Fort Cumberland, X. S. 

Bar, Hew. Sergeant, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Bar, Johx. Gunner, ship "G. Pickering," commanded by Capt. Jonathan Haraden; 
ship reported taken by the British while on a cruise to the West Indies ; roll 
sworn to Nov. 10, 1780. 

Bar, Johx, Boston. Private, Col. David Henlej^'s regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1777 ; en- 
listment, 3 years; reported deserted March 1, 1778. 

Bar, Matthew. Captain, 14th co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass- 
militia, dated Deerfield ; reported commissioned May 3, 1776. 

Barbadoes, Isaac, Woburn (also given Shrewsbury) . Private, Capt. Edmund Mun- 
ro's CO., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from April 10, 1777, to Dec. 1, 1777; reported deceased. 

Barbaxk, Nathax, Marblehead. Pay roll for 6 months men raised b}- the town of 
Marblehead for service in the Continental Army during 1780; served in Col. Wil- 
liam Shepard's (4th) regt. ; service, 6 mos. 

Barbar, Simeox. Private, Capt. William Wells's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 30, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 7, 1781 ; service, 8 days, on the alarm of Oct. 29, 
1781, at Saratoga. 



584 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barbarick, John. Corporal, Lieat. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids ; pay roll for 
service from May 31 to Oct. 1, 1778, dated Boston ; also, Lieut. Osgood Carleton's 
CO. of invalids. Col. Lewis Nicola's regt. ; pay roll for Oct., 1779 ; stationed at 
Boston. 

Barbarow, John. Petition dated Boston, May 2, 1782, signed l)y himself and others, 
asking that he be commissioned as commander of the schooner " Hawk " (pri- 
vateer) ; ordered in Council, May 2, 1782, that a commission be issued. 

Barbeck, Lazarus. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. b.y Thomas Newhall 
[year not given] ; Capt. Belknap's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barber, . [This name also appears under the form of Barbar, Barbor, Barbur, 

Barbour, Berber, Berbur.] 

Barber, Alex/Vnder (also given Elleck). Private, Capt. Edward Slocum's co., Col. 
Christopher Greene's (Istllhode Island) regt.; muster roll for July, 1779, dated 
East Greenwich ; enlistment, during war ; reported on command at North Kings- 
ton; also, Capt. E. Lewis's (3d) co., Col. Greene's regt.; muster rolls for Nov. 
and Dec, 1779, dated Newport, R. I. ; reported absent without leave. 

Barber, Andrew, Princeton. Private, Capt. Boaz Moore's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; re- 
ported enlisted into the army. 

Barber, Andrew, Rutland (also given Hubl)ardston). Capt. Jonathan Holman's co., 
Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 
1775; also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 14 days ; also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. William Marean's (7th 
Worcester Co.) regt. ; joined Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's 
(6th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Colonel's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for ser\ice from Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, 
Capt. AVheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return of men in service on or before 
Aug. 15, 1777, dated Soldier's Fortune, Feb. 15, 1779; also, Colonel's co.. Col. 
Nixon's (5th) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1779, dated Camp Highlands ; reported 
furloughcd May 10, 1779, for 30 days by order of Gen. McDougall ; also. Colonel's 
CO., commanded by Lieut. Benjamin Heywood, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts 
for June-Sept., 1779; also, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Matthew Cham- 
bers, Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstract for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, Colonel's 
CO., Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Feb. 14, 1780; also. Colonel's co., commanded by Capt. Lieut. Peter 
Clayes, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstract for Jan.-June, 1780 ; reported discharged 
Fel). 14, 1780. 

Barber, Benjamin. Private, Lieut. John Wright's (late Capt. Caleb Keep's) co.. Col. 
William Shepard's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for July and Aug., 1778; enlisted May 

1 [year not given] ; enlistment, 8 (also given 9) months; reported wounded; also, 
muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Providence ; reported sick and absent 
in Oct., 1778; deserted Nov. 30, 1778. 

Barber, Benjamin, Woolwich (also given Ipswich). Retnrn of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Col. Jonathan Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) regt., dated 
Ipswich, Feb. 17, 1778 ; residence, Woolwich ; enlisted for town of Ipswich ; joined 
Capt. John Bailey's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also. 
Private, Capt. Bayley's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for service from March 

2 to May 26, 1777, 3 mos. 2 days. 

Barber, Benjamin. List of men from Rhode Island who enlisted into Col. Sherburne's 
regt., liaving been previously paid l»y Lieut. Alexander for enlisting for 15 months 
for State of Rhode Island ; list dated Bristol, July 28, 1777. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 585 

Barber, Bexjamix. Receipt for bounty paid him by Alexander Hodgdon in behalf of 
a committee of the town of Boston, to serve in the Continental Army for the term 
of 3 years, dated Boston, June 1, 1782. 

Barber, Benjamin. Marine, frigate "Deane," commanded by Capt. S.Nicholson; 
engaged Dec. 6, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 5 mos. 25 days; 
engagement, 5 months. 

Barber, Caleb. Volunteer, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged March 1, 1779; reported died June 10, 1779. 

Barber, Caleb, Boston. 2d Lieutenant, Col. David Henley's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Camp near Morristown, April [year illegible, prol)ably 1780] ; reported resigned; 
also, Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Ai-my pay accounts [service not 
given] ; reported resigned. 

Barber, Daniel, Pittsfield. Lieut. 'William Barber's co., Col. Siinonds's regt. ; list 
of men who marched to New York Sept. 30, 1776, and were dismissed Nov. 17, 
1776; service, 7 weeks; also, Private, Capt. William Francis's co., Maj. Caleb 
Hyde's regt. ; list of men who marched to Fort Edward July 8, 1777, and were 
dismissed Aug. 26, 1777; service, 7 weeks; also, Capt. Rufus Allen's (Artillery) 
CO., Col. David Resetter's regt. ; service from Oct. 14 to Oct. 17, 1780, 3 days, on 
an alarm; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 18 to Oct. 21, 1780, 3 days, on an 
alarm. 

Barber, Daniel, Jr. Sergeant, Capt. Row's co.. Col. Bridge's regt.; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 28, 1775; also, list of men who received 
money from the public treasury for losses at battles of Lexington and Bunker 
Hill; warrant allowed in Council, June 13, 1776. [Also given Daniel Barber 
Tarr.] 

Barber, David F. Petition signed by prisoners, asking to be exchanged for British 
prisoners; request granted in Council, Nov. 2, 1782. 

Barber, Ebenezer. Private, Capt, Caleb Keep's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's regt.; en- 
listed Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlistment, 
3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barber, Ebenezer, Jr., Ludlow. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Ludlow; arrived at 
Springfield Aug. 15, 1780; marched to camp Aug. 16, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Burbank; also. Private; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Ludlow for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 12, 
1780; discharged Dec. 12, 1780; service, 4 mos., at West Point. 

Barber, Elias. Seaman ; list of prisoners to be received in exchange for British pris- 
oners sent to Halifax in the cartel " Swift," dated Oct. 9, 1777 ; exchanged for 
Peter Lightness, Seaman. 

Barber, Elias. Seaman ; list of prisoners returned in exchange for British prisoners 
sent to New York in cartel "Favorite," as returned by Robert Pierpout, Com- 
missary [year not given] ; exchanged for William Petty, Seaman. 

Barber, Elias. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship "Thorn," com- 
manded by Capt. Richard Cowell, dated Marblehead, Sept. 14, 1780; stature, 5 
ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light. 

Barber, Elisha, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Samuel King's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted June 29, 177G; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 5 
days, at Hull ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 22 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Sherborn; arrived at Spring- 
tiekl July 20, 1780; marched to camp Aug. 9, 1780, under command of Capt. 



586 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barber, Elisha, contimted. 

Daniel Lunt ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a retui'n dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Sherborn 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Aug. 2, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 16, 1780; service, 4 mos. 24 days. 

Barber, Ephuaim, Marlborough. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted into the army 
April 26, 1775; also, Capt. Barns's co.. Col. Jonathan "Ward's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 13 weeks 6 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Marlborough, Dec. 25, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Robert 
Cutting's CO., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barber, Francis. Capt. Hubl)ard's co. ; list of men detached from Col. Brooks's regt. 
to relieve guards at Cambridge [j-ear not given] . 

Barber, George, Medway. Private, Capt. Joshua Partridge's co.. Col. Jolm Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Barber, Isaac Ensign, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's (8th) co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776 ; rei)orted dismissed July 31, 1776 ; also. Private, Capt. Aimer Cranston's co., 
Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1776; reported re-engaged in Col. Stevens's (Artillery) regt. Nov. 
13, 1776; also, order dated May 16, 1778, granting said Earlier reiml)ursements 
for losses in the retreat from Ticonderoga ; served as a Lieutenant under Maj. (also 
given Lieut. Col.) E. Stevens. 

Barber, Isaac. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted June 
4, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days; ordered to Albany by 
Gen. Fellows. 

Barber, Isaac P. Private, Capt. Simon Adams's co.. Col. John CoUer's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 26, 1781 ; service, 18 days ; company 
ordered out by Col. John Ashley of Gen. Fellows's brigade on an alarm at the 
Northward. 

Barber, Isaac R. 2d Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillerj') regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. 
Stephen Buckland's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; return of men in service on or before 
Aug. 1, 1777, dated Park of Artillery near Morristown, Jan. 28, 1780; also, 1st 
Lieutenant, Col. Crane's regt.; return of officers dated Boston, Jan. 19, 1781; 
also, Capt. Thomas Jackson's co.. Col. Crane's (3d) regt. ; muster rolls for Feb.- 
April, 1781 ; also, receipt for subsistence money for June, 1782 ; reported discharged 
from the service. 

Barber, James, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's (West Medway) co.. Col. 
John Smith's regt., commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms 
of Ajn-il 19 and April 30, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. 
Col. L. Roljinson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 4 days ; regiment 
raised in Suffolk and York counties ; roll dated lloxbury ; also, Capt. Josiah Ful- 
ler's CO., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; marched to Warwick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 
8, 1776; service, 3 days. 

Barber, James, Boston. Private, Capt. Samuel Sprague's (9th) co., Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (38th) regt. ; return of wages due from Aug. 15 to Aug. 31, 1775, dated 
Chelsea; also, list of men absent from muster dated Chelsea, Sept. 22, 1775; 
reported sick in quarters ; also, pay abstract for Sept., 1775 ; also, Capt. Sprague's 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 587 

B.viiHER, James, continued. 

CO., Col. Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) regt.; company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 
1775 ; also, list of men enlisted by Ensign Abijali Hastings to serve in Col. Bald- 
win's regt., dated Chelsea, Nov. 24, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 30, 1775; also, list of men enlisted by Ensign 
Abijah Hastings to serve in the new army for 1 year from Dec. 8, 1775; age, 
30 yrs. ; also, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstracts for Jan.-June, 1776. 

Barbkk, James. Corporal, Capt. William Foord's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.^ 
enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Bauber, James. Private, Capt. William Wells's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; service 
from Oct. 30 to Nov. 7, 1781, 8 days; marched on the alarm at Saratoga of Oct. 
29, 1781. 

Barber, Jesse, Swanzey. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 
2, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Swanzey; enlisted Dec. 15, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, Col. Ben- 
jamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; roll made up for Jan. -Dec, 1782, 12 mos. 

Barker, Joak. Private, Capt. William Wells's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; service from 
Oct. 30 to Nov. 7, 1781, 8 days ; marched on the alarm at Saratoga of Oct. 29, 1781. 

Barber, John, Newton. Private, Lieut. John Marean's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 5 days. 

Barber, John. Petition dated Sept. 3, 1776, signed by said Barber, asking for further 
pay for his service as director of the wheelwrights in Capt. Eayres's co. of artifi- 
cers; service, 39 days, at his shop in Newton. 

Barber, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co., Col. Dickinson's regt., com- 
manded by Maj. Jonathan Clapp; enlisted Juh' 9, 1777; service, 39 days, on an 
alarm at Ticonderoga. 

Barber, John, Northampton. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776 ; also, return 
for travel allowance granted Sept. 12, 1776; also, Capt. Lyman's co., Col. 
Ezra May's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 30 
days, on an expedition to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Barber, Johx. Private, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Feb. 12, 1778 ; discharged May 12, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., at Boston, under 
Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Barber, John. Boy, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Haraden; engaged Oct. 1, 1777; discharged May 8, 1778; service, 7 mos. 8 days. 

Barber, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the term 
of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 9, 1778; Col. Jabez 
Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; hair, dark ; eyes, gray; 
residence, Boston ; reported received from Maj. Badlam and sent to Gen. Warner 
at Fishkill by Col. Joseph Yose; conducted to camp by Maj. Thomas Cogswell 
of Col. Vose's regt. 

Barber, Joseph, Falmouth. Capt. David Bradish's co., Col. Edmund Phiiuiey's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, 
Oct. 28, 1775. 

Barber, Joseph. Matross, Capt. Abner Lowell's (Artillery) co. ; pay rolls for service 
from July 1, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 6 mos., at Falmoutli, Cumljerland Co. ; also, 
7th Quarter Gunner; payroll for service from Jan. 1 to March 31, 1777, 3 mos., at 
Falmouth. 



588 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barber, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co., Col. David Leonard's regt. •, 
enlisted Feb. 25, 1777 ; discharged April 10, 1777 ; marched on an expedition to 
Ticonderoga. 

Barber, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties ; enlisted Jan. 3, 1778; discharged July 1,1778; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 28 days, guarding stores and magazines at Brookfield and Springfield. 

Barber, Joseph, Medway. Private, Lieut. Moses Adams's ("West Medway) co.. Col. 
John Smith's regt., commanded by Maj. J. Fuller, which marched on the alarms 
of April 19 and April 30, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Josiah Fuller's co., 
Col. Wheelock's regt. ; marched to Warwick, 11. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
service, 23 days ; also, list of men detached from Capt. Moses Adams's co. to serve 
as guards for 6 months, dated June 1, 1778; also, Capt. Adams's co., Maj. Seth 
BuUard's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; marched to Tiverton, II. I., on tlie alarm of 
July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 13 days. 

Barber, Joseph. Private, Capt. Silas Fowler's co.. Col. David Mosely's (Hampshire 
Co) regt.; service from June 12 to June 17, 1782, 7 days, at Springfield and 
Northampton. 

Barber, Joshva, Pembroke (West Parish). Sergeant. Capt. James Hatch's co. ;. 
marched to Weymoutli and Braintree March 4, 1776, on an alarm; discharged 
March 8, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 

Barber, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 17, 1776; discharged March 20, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
14 days, at the Northward. Roll sworn to at Chesterfield. 

Barber, Levi. Fifer, Lieut. Eli Hermon's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 22 days; marched 
to Fort Ann, N. Y. 

Barber, Levi. Private, Capt. John Collar's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 16, 1780; service, 6 days; ordered 
out by Gen. John Fellows on an alarm at Berkshire. 

Barber, Matthew, Shelburne. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
corab's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 
mos. 26 days ; also, receipt for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill ; also, 
company return [jirobaljly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for liountj- coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 22, 1775; also, Capt. Wells's co.. Col. 
Samuel Brewer's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., sworn to at Deerfield, Dec. 
10, 1775; company served at Ticonderoga for 3 mos. from Sept. 1, 1776; also, 
Capt. John Wells's co., Col. David Wells's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 
22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, in Northern department. 

Barber, Matthew, Pittsfield. List of men in Lieut. James Hubbard's co., who 
marched to Manchester July 18, 1777, and were dismissed July 28, 1777; service, 
1 week 3 days. 

Barber, Moses, Springfield. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; enlisted May 25, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; service, 6 mos. 
12 days ; company raised for defence of Boston. 

Barber, Moses. Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co.. Col. Timothj- llobinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged April 2, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to cx])ire March 25, 1777. Boll dated Spring- 
field. 

Barber, Moses. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 28, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days^ 
in Northern department under Gen. Gates. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 589 

Barber, Moses, Springfield. Private, Capt. Phineas Stebbins's co.. Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 6, 1778; service, 2 mos. 12 days; company detached 
to reinforce Gen. Sullivan and to march to Boston. 

Barber, Moses. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Keep's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Xov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barber, Moses. Sergeant, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; roll made up from Feb. 20, 
1781 ; discharged April 20, 1781 ; service, 2 mos., with guards at Springfield. 

Barber, Nat. Order for wages payable to James Thompson, dated April, 1781. 

Barber, Nathaxiel.. Return of the Engineer and Artillery staff, dated Cambridge, 
June 16, 177.5 ; reported a storekeeper under Col. Richard Gridley, also reported 
as serving as " Clerk of the check; " also, list of field and staff officers dated Cam- 
bridge, June 26, 177"). 

Barber, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Sawyer's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Dec. 1, 
1775. ^ 

Barber, Nathaxiel. Lieutenant Colonel, Boston regt. ; list of field officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned April 30, 1776; also, Muster Master to raise men for the 
regiments under Cols. Marshall, AVhitney and Crafts ; commissioned May 10, 
1776; also, certificate dated April 2, 1777, signed by said Barber as Muster Master 
for Suffolk Co.; also. Colonel and Muster Master; Council warrant dated Jan. 1, 
1779 ; also, Muster Master ; Council warrants dated April 21 and Sept. 4, 1779. 

Barber, Nathaniel, Salem (also given Boston). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from 1st Essex Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Thomas's 
CO., Col. Marshall's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, list of men 
mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 2, 1777 ; also, 
Sergeant, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 22, 1777, to June 3, 1778 ; reported died June 
3, 1778 ; also, Capt. Philip Thomas's C5th) co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract 
for 60 days rations from Jan. 25 to March 25, 1777, dated Boston. 

Barber, Nathaniel. Naval officer for the port of Boston; official record of a ballot 
by the House of Representatives, dated Nov. 23, 1776 ; appointment concurred in 
bj- Council, Nov. 27, 1776; also, naval officer for the port of Boston for 1 year; 
official record of a ballot by the House of Representatives, dated Jan. 24, 1778; 
appointment concurred in by the Council, Jan. 27, 1778 ; also, naval officer for the 
port of Boston ; official record of a ballot by the House of Representatives, dated 
Feb. 4, 1779; appointment concurred in by the Council, Feb. 6, 1779; also, naval 
officer for the port of Boston for 1780 ; official record of a ballot hy the House of 
Representatives, dated Jan. 5, 1780; appointment concurred in by the Council, 
Jan. 5, 1780. 

Barber, Nathaniel, Jr. Commissary of military stores at Boston; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Deputy 
Commissary General;. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as Major. 

Barber, Oliver. Private, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; pay 
abstract for 14 days service at Rhode Island from July 28 to Aug. 8, 1780, on an 
alarm, dated Sherborn; also, volunteer, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. 
Dean's regt. ; enlisted March 11, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; ser^ice, 7 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Barber, Peter. Private, Capt. Joseph Fuller's co.. Col. Samuel Ballard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 10 days, at 
Stillwater. 



590 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barber, Peter, Maiden. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence. Maiden ; marched to camp under com- 
mand of Capt. Parker ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of 
Maiden for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Nov. 6, 1780; 
discharged May 17, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 11 days. 

Barber, Robert. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co., 2d Cumberland Co. regt. ; ser- 
vice, 4 days, in Nov., 1775 ; companj' detached by order of Col. Jonathan Mitchell 
to work on the forts at Falmouth. 

Barber, Robert. Private, Capt. Daniel Grout's co., Col. Enoch Hallet's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 naos. 25 daj-s; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barber, Robert, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
34 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light (also given brown) ; arrived at 
Springlield July 5, 1780 ; receipted for by Capt. Lieut. John Callender of the 3d 
battalion of artillery ; reported enlisted trom Capt. Boyle's co., Col. Edward Proc- 
ter's (Boston) regt. ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Boston 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched Jul\' 1, 1780 ; discharged 
Jan. 1, 1781 ; service, G mos. 10 days. 

Barber, Robert. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 11, 1781; age, 30 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, fair ; rank, Matross ; enlisted Aug., 1780, by Capt. 
Lieut. Callender; joined Capt. John Slueman's co., 3d ai'tilleiy regt.; enlistment, 
during war; also, Matross, Capt. Frothingham's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; pay abstract for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated Boston; also, list of men; 
reported invalided June 20, 1782. 

Barber, Samuel. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Julj- 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 1, 1776; service, 17 daj's; marched 
to the Highlands, N. Y., on an alarm. 

Barber, Samuel. Private, Lieut. Eleazer Taylor's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 4 days; 
marched as far as Pittsfield on an alarm at Bennington. 

Barber, Samuel, Haverhill. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [j^ear not 
given] ; reported enlisted to serve until April, 1778. 

Barber, Samuel. Private, Capt. Stephen Wel)ster's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at 
Claverack ; regiment i-aised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce the army 
under Gen. Washington. 

Barber, Silas. Private, Capt. Stockwell's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted July 
28, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days ; marched to Bennington 
to reinforce army under Gen. Stark. 

Barber, Silas, Newton (also given Westown). Private, Capt. I'hineas Cook's co., 
Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 26, 1775; also, 
list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel 15arl)er, Muster Master, dated 
Boston, Jan. 8, 1777; Maj. Stevens's (Artillery) battalion; also, Sergeant, Capt. 
Nathaniel Donnell's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillerj-) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, retui-n dated 
Greenwich, Nov. 10, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Donnell's co., Col. Crane's (3d) regt., 
Maj. Stevens's battalion; muster roll dated West Point, Jan. 9, 1781; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1777, by Sergt. Maj. Tracy; enlistment, during war; also, muster rolls for 
Feb.-April, 1781, dated West Point; also, list of pensioners made up to Dec. 31, . 
1787; age, 32 yrs. ; pensioned Sept. 17, 1783; discharged March 17, 1786. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 591 

B.vuBER, SiMEOX. Private, Capt. Daniel Grout's co., Col. Enoch Hallet's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos.; enlistment, 3 
months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barbeu, Solomox. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776 ; enlisted May 28, 1776 ; 
reported on duty as liaker. 

Barber, Solomox. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. John Bro^vn's regt.; enlisted 
June 29, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 23 days, under Gen. Schuyler; 
also, Capt. King's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 
1777; discharged Aug. 15, 1777; service, 25 days; also, Capt. Enoch Xoble's co., 
Col. Ashley's reg4. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 
mos.; enlistment, 3 months; marched to Manchester, Vt., thence to Allington, 
thence to Stillwater, by order of Gen. Lincoln; joined Gen. John Ashley's regt., 
and marched to Bolton Rills. 

Barber, Wakrex. Landsman, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson; 
engaged May 21, 1780; discharged Aug. 21, 1780; service, 3 mos.; reported 
deceased. 

Barber, William. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted 
June 4, 1778 ; discharged July 15, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 11 days ; ordered to Alljany 
by Gen. Fellows. 

Barber, William, Charlestown. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in mcmey, dated Dorchester, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Barber, William. Enlistment agreement signed by said Barber and others engag- 
ing themselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775, dated April 26, 1775 ; joined Capt. 
Stearns's co., Col. Doolittle's regt. 

Barber, William, Pittsfield. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Strong's (2d) co., 2d Berk- 
shire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 4, 1776 ; also. 
Col. Simonds's regt. ; list of men who marched to New York Sept. 30, 1776, and 
were dismissed Nov. 17, 1776 ; service, 7 weeks. 

Barber, William, Pittsfield. Capt. Francis's co. ; list of men who marched to Albany 
Jan. 14, 1776, by order of Gen. Schuyler, and were dismissed Jan. 19, 1776; ser- 
vice, 5 days; also, Lieut. James Hubbard's co. ; list of men who marched to- 
Manchester July 18, 1777, and were dismissed July 28, 1777 ; service, 1 week 3 
days. 

Barber, William. Landsman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Tucker ; engaged July 3, 1779 [service not given] . 

Barber, Williaji, Boston. Ensign, Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for service 
from May 14, 1777, to Oct. 17, 1778, dated Camp at Providence; reported resigned 
and received honorable discharge from Gen. Heath; also, Capt. John Langdon's 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Lancaster; also, return 
of officers for clothing dated Boston, March 20, 1778; also, pay rolls for June, 
July and Aug., 1778, dated Providence; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated 
Pawtuxet. 

Barber, William, Little Cambridge (also given Cambridge, Boston and Charlestown). 
Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. l)ike's regt. ; return of men in ser-vice 
from Dec. 15, 1776, to March 1, 1777 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Stephen Dana's (10th) co.. Col. S. Thatcher's (1st Middlesex 
Co.) regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778; joined Capt. Childs's (also given Capt. Pettin- 
gill's) CO., Col. Wesson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Amos Cogswell's 
(2d) CO., Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 



592 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahbek, William, continued. 

service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, descriptive list of men who re- 
enlisted into Continental Army; age, 3-1 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, 
dark; hair, light; occupation, baker ; residence, Camltridge; birthplace, Charles- 
town; enlisted Dec, 1779, by Ensign Mills, at "West Point; joined Capt. Cogs- 
well's CO., Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt. ; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. 
Cogswell's CO., Col. Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Barber, AVilliam, Swanzey. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Swanzey; enlisted 
Dec. l.i, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported rejected at Boston. 

Barber, Zachauiah, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bullard's co.. Col. Peirce's 
I'egt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 28 days. 

Barber, Zachariah. Petition dated Concord, Sept. 30, 1777, signed by said Barber 
and others, asking for addition to their wages for service in guarding Continental 
stores at Little Camlnidge, Concord, Sudbury, etc.; granted by House of Repre- 
sentatives Jan. 21, 1778; service in Capt. Isaac Wood's co. 

Barber, Zachariah, Medwa^y. Descriptive list of enlisted men detached from Capt. 
BuUen's co. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Med- 
way; enlisted Aug. 16, 1781; enlistment, 3 months; also. Private, Capt. John 
Lincoln's co.. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 
29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barrier, Laurent. Private; list of men in Col. Armand's Legion July, 1778 (Inde- 
pendent CO. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

Barblvo, George, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Wild's co., Col. 
Thayer's regt. ; age, 44 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; nationality, French ; hair, dark ; 
eyes, gray ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Braintree ; enlistment, 9 
months from time of arrival at Fishkill, agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778; 
received from Maj. Stephen Badlam and delivered to Brig. Gen. Warner at Fish- 
kill by Thomas Jackson, Capt. of Artillery. 

Barbor, Ebenezeh, Ludlow. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barbor, Zachariah. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co.. Col. Dean's (4th Suffolk Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted March 3, 1781 ; discharged March 17, 1781 ; service, 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barbour, Joseph, Falmouth. Private, Capt. David Bradish's co. ; billeting roll from 
date of enlistment May 12, 1775, to date of marching to headquarters July 8, 1775, 
equivalent to 57 days; also, Capt. Bradish's co., Col. Phinncy's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barkrick, . [This name also appears under the form of Barljarick, Barbruck.] 

Barbrick, John, Weston. Corporal, Capt. Abijah Childs's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 2, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; reported invalided May 10, 1778; also, Lieut. Osgood Carlton's co.. Col. 
Lewis Nicola's regt.; muster rolls dated Boston, Sept. 9 and Oct. 2, 1779; also, 
Capt. Childs's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 1, 1780; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bai;huick, Lazarus, Cambridge. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel 
Barljer, dated Boston, Jan. 4, 1778; Capt. Lunt's co.. Col. Henley's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also. Private, Col. Henley's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1777; reported 
deserted March 1, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 593 

Bakhuuck, Lazakis, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Er)eiiezer Belknap's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's re,^t. ; muster roll for Jan. -Oct., 1778; enlisted Maj- 7, 1778; enlistment 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779; reported discharged Aug. 4, 1778; stationed at North 
Kingston, R. I. 

Bahiuh, James, Medway. List of men who went to Boston to serve until Jan. 1, 1779, 
dated Sept. 23, 1778. 

Bauhvh, Silas, Newton. I'rivate, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on tlie 
alarm of April 19, 177"), to Cambridge; service, 4 days. 

Bauck, Andrew, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Stearns's co., Col. Doolittle's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barce, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Washburn's co., Col. Thomas Lothrop's 
regt.; Hon. Joseph Cushing's brigade; service, 17 days; marched on an alarm 
to Bristol, R. I. ; roll dated Kingston, March 27, 1777 ; endorsed " service in Dec, 
1776." 

Barce, Benjamin, Chatham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's and Capt. Nathan Bassett's cos., dated Fel). 22, 1778; 
joined Col. Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 8 months, to expire May 10, 1778. 

Barce, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discliarged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 30 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company detached from militia to reinforce Continental Army 
at Rhode Island. 

Barce, Ebenezer, Pembroke. Sergeant, Capt. Freedom Chamberlin's co., Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, 
Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Chamberlin's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; company 
return dated Roxbiiry, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barce, Foord. Private, Cajit. Freedom Chaml)erlin's co., Col. Cary's regt. ; return of 
men at Cortlandt's Manor, Nov. 22, 1776. 

Barce, Ichabod, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Thomas Tui-ner's co.. Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Barce, Isaac. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Baker's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; marched on 
a secret expedition to Tiverton, R. I., Oct. 4, 1777 ; service, 28 days. 

Barce, Mial, Boston. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Chadwick's co., Col. Richard Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 5, 1775; service, 
27 days; also, company return dated Charlestown, Sept. 30, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Barce, Obadiah, Marlborough. 3d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Chadwick's co.. Col. 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 13, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 24 days; also, company return dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, 
Sept. 30, 1775; reported enlisted June 1, 1775, as a Matross, and was jn-omoted to 
Lieutenant June 17, 1775. 

Barce, Obadiah, Marll)orough (also given Sudbury). Corporal, Capt. Daniel Barns's 
CO., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported 
enlisted into the army April 26, 1775; also, Capt. Barns's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
5 weeks 6 days; also. Private; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported 
enlisted in the train. 

Barce, Thomas, Kingston. Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
(16th) regt.; order for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Nov. 6, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Feb. 21, 
1778 ; joined Capt. Isaac Pope's co.. Col. William Shepard's regt. ; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1780; reported died June 28, 1777. 



594 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Barchaud, Gilrekt PAtL. List of men iiuistered bj- Katlianicl Barber, Muster Master, 
from the Boston rejrt., under Col. Jabez Hatch, dated Boston, Feb. 11, 1779. 

Bahcheley, Geokge. Receipt for wages for service on board the frigate " Hague," 
commanded by Capt. J. Manley, to May 10, 1783, dated Boston. 

Barckek, Fred. Capt. Joseph Balch's co., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; list of men 
who received bounty for 8 nios. service frona April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777 ; also, 
list of men who refused to leave Boston, dated Boston, Sept. 22, 1777. 

Barcor, Daniel. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 11, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 7 
days, in Northern department ; roll dated Hancock ; also, paj' roll for July, 1780, 
1 mo. ; service, in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Barcor, Jared. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 4, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 27 
days. Roll dated Hancock. 

Barcor, Uziel. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 7 
days, in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Bard, Asa. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. John Bi-own's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
service from July 10 to July 20, 1777, 10 days; company called out by Maj. Gen. 
Schuyler and ordered to march to Manchester, Yt., " on the grants." 

Bard, Elijah. Private, Capt. Abel Richards's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 2."), 1777; discharged Oct. 
28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days. Roll sworn to at Dedham. 

Bard, Johx, Jr., Blandford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Lieut. Meconithy's co., (late) Col. Moseley's regt., dated Oct. 2(5, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised by order of Brig. Gen. Danderson ( r). 

Bard, Josiau, Billerica. Private, Cai)t. Jonathan Stickney's co., Col. Bridge's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days. 

Bard, Josiah, Becket. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster in a return dated Camp Totowaj', 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bard, Mosks. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted April 26,1777; discharged May 20, 1777; service, 25 days; 
marched to Saratoga by order of Gen. Gates. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Bard, William. Corporal, Capt. Joel Stevens's co., Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 12, 1781 ; discliarged Oct. 25, 1781 ; service, 13 days ; marched on an 
alarm at Saratoga. Roll dated Pittsfiekl. 

Bardax, Johx. Capt. Eleazer Hamlen's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; order for 
bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Bardax, William. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Berkshire Co. regt.; Gen. Fel- 
lows's brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, 4 mos., at Albany under Gen. 
Stark. 

Bardcall, Solomon. 4th co., 3d regt.; enlistetl in 1779; enlistment, during war. 
(Taken from Lieut. James Davis's book.) 

Bardcock, Phixeas. Report of a court-martial, signed by Francis Johnson as Presi- 
dent, dated Ticonderoga, Sept. 20, 1770; tried on suspicion of passing counterfeit 
money and bills of credit of Rliode Island and Massachusetts. 

Bardeax, Aaron. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 24, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 595 

Bardean, Elijah. Private, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Aug. 16, 1778; service, 22 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Bardeax, Philip. Private, Capt. John Boyd's co., Col. John Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 24, 1778; discharged Sept. 3, 1778; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bardeans, James, Northbridge. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas 
Newhall, Muster Master; Capt. Bachelder's co., Col. Tyler's regt.; mustered 
July 10, 1779; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bardeau, . [This name also appears under the form of Bardoo, Berdue, Birdoo, 

Budoo, Burdoo.] 

Bardeck, Freedom, Richmond. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Raymond's and Capt. Hill's cos. [year not given] ; Capt. Miller's co.. Col. 
Vorse's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bardee, Peter. Private, Capt. Isaac Pope's co.. Col. William Sliepard's regt.; 
reported deserted March 17, 1777. 

Bardeex, Consider, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Wood's (2d) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177-J, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days. 

Bardeex, Ebexezer, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Wood's co.. Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 5 days. 

Bardeex, James. Private, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co.. Col. Benjamin Haws's regt. ; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Oct. 
29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 5 days. 

Bardeex, Levi. Private, Capt. Jabez Bullock's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
service from July 27 to July 31, 1780, 5 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an 
alarm. 

Bardeex, Lewis. Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co. ; list of men stationed at Brookline 
for 6 weeks ; dismissed Jan. 15, 1776. 

Bardeex, Thomas, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co., Col. Nathan 
Tyler's regt.; enlisted Sept. 1, 1779; discharged Dec. 31, 1779; service, 4 mos., 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bardeex, Thomas. Private, Capt. Caleb Richardson's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 31, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll sworn to in Bristol Co. 

Bardex. . [This name also appears under the form of Badden, Badeen, Bardan, 

Bardean, Bardeans, Bardeen, Bardens, Bardians, Bardiens, Bardin, Bardine, 
Barding, Bardins, Bardon, Bardons, Bardun, Berdeen, Berden, Berdien, Birdeen, 
Birden, Borden, Bordens, Bordin, Bordon, Bordons, Buden, Burden, Burdens.] 

Bardex, Aaron. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards; service from Dec. 10, 1777, to March 1, 1778, 2 mos. 22 days, at 
Dorchester; also, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt.- 
of guards ; enlisted April 2, 1778 ; discharged July 2, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, 
at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barden, Aaron, Walpole. List of men received by Justin El}-, Commissioner, from 
Maj. Stephen Badlam, Supt. of Suffolk Co., dated Springfield, Sept. 20, 1779. 

Barden, Benjamin, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days. 



506 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bardex, Bevjamix. Corporal, Capt. Perez Churchill's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; service, 3 days, on the alarm of May 6, 1778, and 6 days, on the alarm of 
Sept. 8, 1778; marched to Dartmouth. 

Bardex, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Nathaniel AVood's co., Col. Simon Gary's regt. ; 
service, 4 days; roll dated Roxbury, April 1, 1776. 

Bardex, Ebexezer, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Wood's co.. Col. Cotton's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. John Barrows's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's regt. ; service from Sept. 6 to Sept. 12, 1778, 6 days ; marched from Mid- 
dleborough to Dartmouth on an alarm. 

Bardex, Ichabod, Middleborough. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James 
Hatcli, Muster Master, dated June 10, 1777; Capt. Benson's co. ; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 10, 1778; also, Private, Capt. John Barrows's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's regt. ; service, 3 days on the alarm of May fi, 1778, and 6 days on the 
alarm of Sept. 6, 1778; marched from Middleborough to Dartmoutli. 

Bardex, James, Northbridge. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bardex, Johx. Private, Capt. Alexander J'oster's co., Col. Jolin Daggett's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1777 ; service, 25 days. 

Bardex, Jo}cx, Middleborough. Private, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co.. Col. Ebene- 
zer Sprout's regt. ; marched to Howland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 
1776 ; service, 12 days ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 6 to Sept. 12, 1778, 
6 days ; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on an alarm. 

Bardex, Johx. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co., (^ol. John Holman's regt.; return 
of men in service for 21 days, at Providence, R. I., dated June 22, 1778. 

Bardex, Johx, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Eleazer Ilamblin's co., Gen. John Thomas's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
week, 1 day; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d 
Plymouth Cp. regt. [j'ear not given] ; residence, Marshfield ; enlisted for town 
of Marslifield (also given Hanover) ; joined Capt. Alden's co.. Col. Jolm Bailey's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, Capt. Seth Drew's co., Col. Bailey's 
regt.; return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778; reported deserted; 
also. Col. Bailey's (2d) regt. ; list of deserters ; residence, Marshfield; enlistment, 
during war. 

Bardex, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Tupper's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service from Sept. 6 to Sept. 12, 1778, 6 days ; marched from Middleborough to Dart- 
mouth on an alarm; also, Drummer, Capt. Tupper's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Bardex, Justice, Taunton. Corporal, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. George Williams's 
regt.; marched on a secret expedition Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

Bardex, Moses, Northbridge. Private, Capt. David Batclielor's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
9 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bardex, Philip. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards; service from Dec. 10, 1777, to March 1, 1778, 2 mos. 22 days, at 
Dorchester. 

Bardex, Solomox. Private, Capt. John Barrows's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service from May 6 to May 9, 1778, 3 days; marched from Middleborough to 
Dartmouth on an alarm. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 597 

Bakden, Stephen, Rochester. Private, Capt. Clap's co., Col. Cotton's regt. ; companj' 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bardex, Stephex, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co., Col. Theophihis 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 
nios. 7 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Barden, Stei'hex, Northbridge. Private, Capt. Josiah Wood's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted 
into the army; also, Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 days; also, 
company return Jprobably Oct., 1775] . 

Bardex, Stephex, Rochester. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Rochester; arrived at Spring- 
field July 15, 1780; marched to camp July 15, 1780, under command of Capt. 
James Cooper. 

Bardex, Stephen. Receipt for bounty paid him by town of Rochester to serve in the 
Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Ma.y 25, 1781. 

Bardex, Thomas, Attleborough. Capt. Stephen Richardson's (2d Attleborough) 4th 
CO., Col. Daggett's regt. ; return of men serving at York for 5 months in 1776 ; also. 
Private, Capt. Richardson's co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; marched from Attle- 
borough on a secret expedition Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 
mo. 6 days ; also, Capt. Joseph Franklin's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 29, 1779 ; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1779 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bardex, Thomas. Private, Capt. Robert Taft's co. ; service on the alarm at Ben- 
nington of Aug. 21, 1777. 

Bardex, Thomas. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's 
regt.; enlisted May 25, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Barden, Timothy, Berkley (also given Dighton). Corporal, Capt. Samuel Tubbs's 
CO., Col. Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days; also, Private; companj' return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

BardeSj, Timothy. Receipt for bounty paid him by Thomas Hill for the town of Mai- 
den to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Boston, July 
13, 1782. 

Bardex, AVilliam. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Berkshire Co. regt.. Gen. Fel- 
lows's brigade; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, -t mos., under Gen. Stark in 
Northern department. 

Bardexs, Aarox, AValpole. Private, Capt. Oliver Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin Haws's 
regt.; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 25, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
Walpole, Julj- 29, 1779; Foot co. in Walpole, Col. Hawes's regt.; age, 18 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Walpole ; enlistment, 9 months; 
reported delivered to Col. Hawes (also given Lieut. Reuben Lilley). 

Bardexs, Elijah. Private, Capt. Oliver Clap's co.. Col. Benjamin Haws's regt. ; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 
28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days. 

Bardens, Elijah. Capt. Samuel Fisher's co. ; enlisted March 3, 1781 ; discharged 
March 17, 1781 ; service, 15 days, at Rhode Island on the 40 days campaign. 



598 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bardens, James, Northbridge. Descriptive list of men enlisted from "Worcester Co. in 
1779, to serve in the Continental Armj-; age, 2') yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; com- 
plexion, dark ; residence, Northbridge ; delivered to Capt. Marshall. 

Bardens, Moses, Northliridge. Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph Head's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Koxbury, Nov. 25, 1775. 

Bardens, Moses. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; 
enlisted June 5, 1778 ; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos. 17 days, at North 
River ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, order for wages dated Northbridge, Feb. 16, 
1779. 

Bardens, Noak. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., 4th Suffolk Co. regt. ; enlisted 
March 3, 1781 ; discharged March 17, 1781 ; service, 15 days, at Rhode Island ; 
companj' detached for the 40 days campaign under Maj. Gen. Lincoln by order of 
Gov. Hancock. 

Bardens, Noah. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated April 11, 1783. 

Bardens, Philip. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 15, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 11 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army ; 
reported deserted Sept. 25, 1777. 

Bardens, Philips, Walpole. Private, Capt.Bullard's co.. Col. Read's regt. ; company- 
return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775. 

Bardens, Stephen. Corporal, Capt. David Batchellor's co.. Col. Tyler's regt. ; en- 
listed July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bardians, Philip, Jr., Walpole. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Smith's co.. Col. John 
Smith's regt., which marched on the alarm of the 19th of April, 1775; service, 9 
days. 

Bardiens, Moses. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; pay 
abstracts for May, June and Aug., 1778. 

Bakdin, Ichakod. Private, Capt. Abner Bourn's co., Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Bardin, James. List of 9 months men ; enlisted July 10, 1779 ; discharged ifpril 10, 
1780. 

Bardin, John. Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Champney's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted July 29, 1778; roll made up to Sept., 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days, at 
Boston, under Maj. Goodwin. 

Baudin, Stephen, Rochester. List of men raised agreeable to resolve of April 20 [year 
not given] for Continental service for 9 months from time of arrival at Fishkill. 

Bardin, Thomas. Private, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on tlie alarm of July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 10 days. 

Bardine, Daniel. Private, Capt. Seth Talbot's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; en- 
listed March 15, 1779; discharged April 15, 1779; service, 30 days, at Fall River 
and Little Compton, R. I. 

Bardine, George. Private, Capt. Elihu Gifford's co.. Col. Turner's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 7, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
regiment raised in Barnstable and Bristol counties for 5 nios. service. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 599 

Bardixk, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. 
pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Freetown to camp and return, allowed in 
Council, Nov. 29, 1776. 

Bardin'e, Levi, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's and Capt. Isaac 
Burr's co., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Bardine, Stephen, Rochester. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barding, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Amos "Washburn's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; service from Maj' 6 to May 7, 1778, 2 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth. 
Roll dated Middldjorough. 

Barding, John, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Hamlen's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barding, Stephen, Rochester. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 10, 1778; 
Capt. Parker's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; age, 42 yrs. : stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Rochester. 

Bardins, Moses. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co.. Col. Ezra "Wood's regt. ; pay 
rolls for Sept., Oct. and Dec, 1778. 

Bardins, Stephen, Northbridge. Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 25, 
1775. 

Bardon, Aaron. Capt. Smart's co., 13th regt.; enlisted July 27, 1779; discharged 
April 27, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bardon, John, Boston. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) co., stationed at 
Braintree from Jan. 1 to May 22, 1776; service, 2 mos. 29 days; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached by order of Council of May 
7, 1777, from the Boston regt. to serve for 5 weeks under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bardon, John. Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards. Col. Gerrish's 
regt.; muster roll dated Boston, Aug. 14, 1778; enlisted July 29, 1778; company 
drafted for 6 weeks service. 

Bardon, Joseph. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted Feb. 3, 1782; 
roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 10 mos. 26 days. 

Bardon, Timothy. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted July 1, 
1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 6 mos. 

Bardons, James, Nortlibridge. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 38 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Northbridge; arrived at Spring- 
field July 6, 1780; marched to camp Juh- 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Tay- 
lor of the 2d Mass. Line. 

Bardoo, Silas. Capt. John "Wood's (5th) co. ; list of men who declined to serve the 
month of Jan., 1776, dated Medford, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Bards, John, Middleborough. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as returned by 
James Leonard, Muster Master, April 7, 1778 ; Col. William Lee's regt. 

Bardin, Stephen. Private, Capt. Job Knap's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; marched 
Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at the North- 
ward. 

Bardwell, . [This name also appears under the form of Badwell. Bardcall, Bard- 
will, Berdwell, Bodwell, Bolwell, Bordwel, Bordwell, Bordwill, Bowdwell.] 



()00 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahdwell, . Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Chapin's co. ; return for clothing [year not 

given]. 

Bardweli,, Ehenezek, Whately. Private, Capt. Salmon AVhite's co., Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discliarged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 4 days, 
at the Northward, l)y order of Gen. Horatio Gates ; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. White's co., dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined Capt. 
Bartlett's co.. Col. Wesson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baedwell, Elias. Private, Capt. Caleb Chapin's co. ; return for clothing [year not 
given] . 

Bardwell, Elijah, Belchertown. Capt. Thomas W. Foster's (Artillery) co.. Col. 
Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; list of men dated Cambridge, April 25, 1775; also, 
Private, Capt. Cowls's co.. Col. Woodliridge's regt. ; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; reported as serving from April 19, 1775, to May 9, 1775, at that date 
transferred to the artillery; rt7so, 3d Sergeant, Capt. Foster's co., Col. Richard 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Foster's co.. Col. Gridley's 
regt.; company return [jmjbably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money [year not given] . 

Bardavell, Elijah. Private, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co., Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 25, 1777; discharged April 10, 1777; marched on an expedition to 
Ticonderoga. 

Bardwell, Elijah. Private, Lieut. Aaron Phelps's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
9 days. 

Bardwell, Elijah. Private, Capt. Asahel Gunn's co.. Col. David Wells's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day. Roll dated 
Montague. 

Bardwell, Elijah. Corporal, Capt. Elihu Lyman's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; 
enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, in New 
London, Conn. 

Bardwell, Elijah. Lieutenant, Capt. Gideon Stelibeus's (4th Hampshire Co.) regt.; 
service, 3 days, in June, 1782, at Northampton, suppressing the riot. Roll dated 
Belchertown. 

Bardwell, John, Bclcliertown (also given Ware). Private, Ca]it. Jonathan Bardwell's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Warner's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 9^ days; also, Corporal, Capt. 
Bardwell's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 20, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; also. Sergeant; company return 
[prol)al)ly Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Bardwell's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) rest. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 31, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Ca)it. Thomas Dickinson's (1st) co., 5th 
Hampshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Deerfield ; commis- 
sioned May 3, 1770; also, Capt. Joseph Stebbins's co.. Col. David Wells's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day; marched 
on expedition to the Northward; also, resignation dated Deerfield, April 12, 1780, 
signed by said Bardwell, resisning his commission as 1st Lieutenant in Lieut. Col. 
Wells's (5th Hampshire Co.) regt.; accepted in Council, April 25, 1780. 

Bardwell, John. Private, Lieut. Aaron Phelps's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; en- 
listed July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days. 

Bardwell, Jonathan, Belchertown. Captain of a company. Col. Jonathan Warner's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 601 



Bakdwell, Jonathan, continued. 

Cambridge; service, 7 days; also, Col. Timothy Danielson's regt. ; list of officers 
in camp at Itoxbm-y, May 27, 1775; commissioned May 27, 1775; a^so, Col. David 
Brewer's regt. ; list of officers in camp at Roxbury, recommended to 1)6 commis- 
sioned .Tune 12, 1775; also, list of officers ordered to l)e commissioned June 17, 
1775 ; also, muster roil dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 20, 1775 ; service, .3 mos. 
1 week, 5 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also. Col. Elisha 
Porter's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 17, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2^ 
days ; also, 3d co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; com- 
missioned Jan. 9, 1778. 

Bardwell, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Elijaii Dwight's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; tlischarged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Ben- 
nington. 

Bardwell, Jonathan, Jr. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 

Bardwell, Joseph, Belchertown. Private, Cai)t. John Cowls's co.. Col. Woodbridge's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 19 days; also, Lieut. Aaron Phelps's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; en- 
listed July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days; also, Capt. 
Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Porter's regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days. 

Bardwell, Martin, Belchertown. Private, Capt. John Cowls's co.. Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 11 days. 

Bardwell, Martin. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Ben- 
nington. 

Bardwell, Moses, Montague. Descriptive list of men detached from 6th Hampshire 
Co. regt., agreeable to order of Court of June 22, 1780, dated Warwick ; Capt. Seth 
Pierce's co.. Col. Seth Murray's regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Montague; rank. Private; mustered July 17, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 months from time of arrival at Claverack; also, Capt. Pierce's co., 
Col. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 
Roll dated Leverett. 

Bardwell, Obadiah. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Ben- 
nington. 

Bardwell, Obadiah. Corporal, Capt. Job Alvord's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 11, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
8 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bardwell, Obadiah. Private, Capt. Gideon Stebbens's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
service, 3 days, in June, 1782, suppressing the mob at Northampton. Roll dated 
Belchertown. 

Bardwell, Perez, Whately. Lieutenant, Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fel- 
lows's (Berkshire Co.) regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days ; also, list of officers dated Camp at Rox- 
bury, May 31, 1775; commissioned June 7, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days ; also, company return 
dated Oct. 8, 1775. 



002 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bardwell, Samuel, Montague. Private, Capt. Thomas Grover's co., Col. Williams's 
resit-, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177ii; service, 18 days; also, Capt. 
Asahel Gunn's co.. Col. David AVells's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day. 

Bardwell, Samvel, Ashfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men as returned by Maj. 
David Dickinson at Deerfield, July 24, 1780; detached from Gth or 11th co., ath 
Hampshire Co. regt.; age, 41 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9^ in.; complexion, light; hair, 
lirown ; eyes, light ; residence, Ashtield ; joined Capt. Isaac Newton's co. ; en- 
listment, 3 months; also, Private, Capt. Newton's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 2 mos. 
29 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bardwell, Silas. Receipt for bounty paid him by Class No. 2 of the town of Wil- 
liamsburg to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
Williamsburg, May 16, 1781. 

Bardwell, Simeon, Belchertown. Corporal, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co., Col. 
Jonathan M'arner's regt., which marched April 20, 177"), in response to the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 17 days. 

Bardwell, Simeon. Private, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Ben- 
nington ; also, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
22, 1777 ; discliarged Oct. 17, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. Roll dated Belchertown. 

Bardwell, Solomon, Conway. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, 
Jan. 25, 1781; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; 
eyes, darli ; residence, Conway; enlisted May 1, 1777, by Lieut. Davis; joined 
Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Bardwell, Thomas, Deerfield. Lieutenant, Capt. Jonas Lock's co., Col. Williams's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 18 days. 

Bardwell, Thomas. Private, Capt. Amasa Sheldon's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; 
enlisted July 10, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days, in Northern 
department. 

Bardwill, Obadiaii, Belchertown. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to order 
of court of June 22, 1780; Capt. Dwight's co. ; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Belchertown; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bardt, John. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Bos- 
ton, Feb. 2, 1777 ; Capt. Abijah Childs's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Bare, Edwaud. Matross, Capt. John Doughty's co.. Col. John Lamb's (2d Artillery) 
regt.; muster rolls for Feb.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted March 18, 
1781 ; enlistment, during war; reported on leave of absence l)y Major's permission 
in April, 1781. 

Bare, Joseph. Sailor, sloop "Republic," commanded I)y Capt. Caleb Dyer; portage 
l)ill dated Boston, Jan. 14, 1779; engaged Dec. 5, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 12, 
1779 ; service, 38 days. 

Bare, Samvel. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; pay 
al)stracts for Jan., Feb., Marcli, May and June, 1776. 

Baree, Thomas. Private, Capt. Pope's co.. Col. William Sheppard's regt.; Continen- 
tal Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 22, 1777, to June 28, 1777 ; reported 
deceased. 

Barenet, Ipadvs (Th.\ddeus), Groton. List of men raised for the 6 months service 
and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated 
Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 603 

Baeens, Abraham, Wells. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co., Col. Scammon's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days. 

Barexs, D.vxiel. List of men who went with Capt. Crocker in July, 1778. 

Barers, Daniel. List of men who went to Rhode Island for 1 week [year not given]. 

Bares, Daniel. List of men who went to Fall River Maj' 31, 1778, and served for 10 
days, under Capt. Hoskins. 

Baret, Samuel, Leominster. List of men raised for the G months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barett, John. Private" Ensign Jabez Barney's co., Col. William S. Smith's regt. ; 
pa,y roll for Nov., 1778. 

Barge, James. Private, Capt. John Russell's co., Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlisted Feb. 
16, 1777; joined April 6, 1777; reported died Dec. 18, 1777. 

Baring, Jonathan, Sudbury. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Middlesex Co. [year not given] . 

Barington, Thomas, Chelsea. Private, Capt. Samuel Sprague's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; discharged May 16, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 

Babjt, Daniel. Private, Capt. Abel Holden's (later Capt. Wottles's) co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1781; time 
allowed from Feb. 7, 1781 ; reported " no date of enlistment." 

Barit, Oliver. Descriptive list of enlisted men [year not given] ; age, 17yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark. 

Barjonah, Issachar (also given Isaiah), Stoneham. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lock's 
CO., Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Pros- 
pect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, return of men in Capt. Lock's co. ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; reported a mulatto; enlisted June 3 [year not given] ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 1, 1775 ; 
also, receipt for wages for Oct., 1775, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Jan. 1, 1776. 

Bark, Jeremiah, Freetown. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Feb. 
16, 1780; Major's co., 10th regt.; age, 39 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, 
light ; hair, light ; residence, Freetown ; enlistment, during war. 

Bark, Waite, Chesterfield. Corporal, Capt. Robert Webster's co., Gen. Pomroy's 
regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 6 days ; reported enlisted into the army. 

Barkar, Abijah. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; enlisted March 30, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barkar, Nathan. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; enlisted March 17, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barke, John, Princeton. Sergeant, Capt. Boaz Moore's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days. 

Barker, . [This name also appears under the form of Baaker, Baker, Barber, 

Barcker, Barcor, Barkar, Barke, Barker, Borker, Parker.] 

Barker, , Marblehead. Captain ; list of American prisoners who were landed in 

New England by Capt. Solomon Rider of the shallop " Sea Flower " of Yarmouth, 
N. S. ; reported landed at Portsmouth Jan. 3, 1778. 

Barker, Abijah. Private, Capt. David Mosely's co., Col. John Mosely's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 13, 1777; service, 29 days, on expedition to Sara- 
toga. 



G04 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Barker, Abijah. Private, Capt. David Whittier's co., Maj. Benjamin Gage's regt.; 
marched Oct. 2, 1777 ; service, -40 days ; marched to join Northern army. Roll 
sworn to in Suffollv Co. 

Barker, Akijah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's re.irt. ; 
enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 7 days, at North 
Kingston, R. I. ; also, muster rolls for Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster rolls for Jan.-Nov., 1778, dated 
North Kingston. 

Barker, Abijah, Methuen. Private, Capt. Jonathan Foster's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Wade's regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; reported 
stationed at Middletown, R. I. ; also, receipt for bounty paid him by Lieut. Caleb 
Swan for a class of tlie town of Methuen to serve in the Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Methuen, March 16, 1781 ; also, Capt. John Williams's co.. 
Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster rolls for May-July, 1781; enlisted March 
30, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peek- 
skill; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; reported on 
command at the Lines; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782; also, muster roll for 
March, 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Barker, Alexander. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard at 
Prospect Hill under Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 16, 1775. 

Barker, Alex.^nder, Salem. Capt. Thomas Barnes's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also. Private, Capt. 
Barnes's co.. Col. Mansfield's (late Hutchinson's) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 2 mos. 7 days; also, company return dated 
Winter Hill, Oct. 5, 1775; reported entered the Canada service. 

Barker, Asa. Private, Capt. J. B. Yarnum's co., Col. Spaulding's regt.; abstract of 
equipments for train band [year not given]. 

Barker, Asa, Andover. Private, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days. 

Barker, Asa, Ipswich. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 21 days; reported marched April 
19 to Mystic, on April 20 ordered to Salem, on April 21 to Ipswich, thence to 
headquarters at Cambridge. 

Barker, Asa. Private, Capt. John Adams's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., com- 
manded by Maj. Gage; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 9 days; marched t<) i-einforce Northern army. 

Barker, Asa. Private, Lieut. John Flint's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; enlisted 
June 16, 1778; discharged Nov. 15, 1778; service, 5 mos. 12 days, fortifying the 
passes of North River; also, Capt. Asa Lawrence's co.. Col. Poor's regt.; pay 
rolls for June-Aug.,'1778, dated Fort Clinton; also, (late) Capt. Lawrence's co.. 
Col. Poor's regt. ; pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated West Point; also, Lieut. Flint's 
CO., Col. Poor's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated West Point. 

Barker, Barnabas, Scituate. Private, Capt. Jolm Clapp's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days ; also, Capt. 
Elijah Crooker's co.. Brig. Gen. .John Tliomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, company return dated 
Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Camp 
at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775; also, Capt. Ilayward Peirce's co.. Col. .Jeremiah Hall's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; service, 3 mos. 2 days; company raised in Scituato 
and Hanover to serve at Bristol, R. I. 

Barker, Barnabas. Private, Capt. Natlianiel Winslow's co., Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 7 days before marching to Roxlniry, Feb. 12, 1776. 



I^^ THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 605 

Barker, Barnabas. Private, Capt. Lemuel May's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted 
March 23, 1778 ; discharged April o, 1778 ; service, 14 days ; stationed at Roxbury 
Lines. 

Bakker, Barxabas, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1777; service, 1 mo. o days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; marched from Rehoboth to Bristol and Providence, R. I. ; also, 
Capt. John Hastings's 6th (also given 2d) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 18, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported engaged as a Sergeant; reduced to 
Private Nov. 12, 1778; also, muster roll for April, 1779, dated I'awtuxet; reported 
on command at Fish Point; also, muster roll dated Providence, July 13, 1779; 
also, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Corporal, Capt. Hast- 
ings's CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Hutts, 
West Point, Jan. 28, 1781 ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; 
hair, dark; occupation, yeoman; residence, Rehoboth; enlisted Jan. 18, 1778; 
joined Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; enlistment, during war; re- 
ported mustered by Col. Jackson ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 19 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Rehoboth; enlisted Jan. 18, 1780; joined Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Sergeant, Capt. King's 
CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; list of men discharged; discharged June 10, 1783, 
by Gen. "Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Barker, Benjamin, Andover. Private, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days. 

Barker, Bbnjajiin, Danvers (also given Methuen). Descriptive list of men enlisted 
from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fish- 
kill, June 27, 1778; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, 
dark ; eyes, dark ; residence, Danvers. 

Barker, Benjamin. Sergeant, Capt. David Cook's co., Col. John Crane's (.\rtillery) 
regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779. 

Barker, Benjamin. Landsman, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. S. Nichol- 
son; engaged Feb. 18, 1782; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 3 mos. 13 
days. 

Barker, Carr. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Scott's (3d) co.. Col. Jos. North's (Lin- 
coln Co.) regt., raised in the j^ear 1776 ; list of officers returned by Samuel Haradon 
to Maj. Gen. Warren; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Johnson's (2d) co., 2d 
Lincoln Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 23 (also 
given Aug. 23), 1776; also, letter dated Pownalborough, West Precinct, Aug. 20, 
1777, written by John Johnson, Captain of a company in that place, recommend- 
ing that said Barker be appointed Captain in his place, he having resigned. 

B.^RKER, C.BSAR. Private, Capt. John Adams's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., com- 
manded by Maj. Gage ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 6, 1777 ; service, 

1 mo. 9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Barker, Daniel, Exeter. Private, Capt. Isaac Sherman's (4th) co.. Col. Samuel 
Gerrish's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 

2 mos. 15 days; also, Capt. Sherman's co.. Col. Gerrish's (later Loammi Bald- 
win's) 38th regt.; company return dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Sept. 26, 1775; 
also, pay abstract for Sept., 1775. dated Sewall's Point; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Dec. 26, 1775. 

Barker, Daniel, Hinshara. Private. Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; service, 1 mo. 19 days; stationed at Hingham. 



600 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barker, Daniel. Private, Capt. Andrew Lnsk's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 13, 1777; service, 23 days, with Northern armj-. 

B.iRKER, Daniel. Private, Capt. John Buttrick's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Reed's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 28, 1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 11 days; regiment 
detached from Col. Brooks's regt. to reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward; 
reported as serving at the taking of Gen. Burgovne's army; Col. Buttrick served 
as Captain on this expedition. 

Barker, Daniel, Stow. Private, Capt. William AVhitcomb's co.. Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"}; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted into the army; also. Sergeant, Capt. Patch's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 7, 177'); also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Monroe's co., Col. rizekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; 
joined Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. 
Joshua Brown's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Feb. 24, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 11 
mos. 7 days as Private, 23 mos. as Sergeant ; also, Private ; muster roll dated Van 
Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; reported sick at Stow; also, Sergeant; pay ab- 
stract for Feb., 1779, sworn to at Providence; also, (late) Capt. Brown's co., Col. 
Bigelow's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779; also. Colonel's co., Col. 
Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Feb. 24, 1780. 

Barker, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Ayer's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 7, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army; roll dated Haverhill; also, Capt. 
James Mallon's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781; dis- 
charged Nov. 27, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days; enlistment, 3 montljs; regiment 
raised in Essex and Plymouth counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barker, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Brintnal's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; 
also, Capt. Daniel Bowker's co.. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 2, 1781; service, 3 mos. 22 days; enlistment, 3 months; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barker, David. Lieutenant, Capt. William Knight's co. ; service from Oct. 18 to Oct. 
23, 1775, 5 days, with guards at Falmouth Neck ; also, Capt. Knight's co. detached 
from 1st Cumberlantl Co. regt. ; service, 12 days, in Nov., 1775, at Falmouth, Ijy 
order of Lieut. Col. Peter Noyes. 

Barker, David. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. John Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 23, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated 
Newport, R. I. 

Barker, David. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; service, 3 mos. 2 days; company raised in Scituate and 
Hanover to serve at Bristol, R. I. 

Barker, David, Methuen. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; 
arrived at Providence, R. I., April 27, 1777; discharged June 27, 1777; service, 2 
mos. 10 days. 

Barker, David. Adjutant, 4th Cuml)erland Co. re;jt. ; official record of a ballot by 
the House of Representatives, dated Nov. 28, 1777 ; appointment concurred in by 
the Council, Nov. 28, 1777. 

Barker, David. Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; en- 
listed Oct. 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 16, 1778; service, 2 mos. 16 days. Roll dated 
Winter Hill. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 607 

Bakker, David. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Peirce's 
regt. ; enlisted May 15, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. 

Barkek, David. Private, Capt. Stephen AVebster's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. '22, 1779; service, 1 nio. 19 days, at Claver- 
ack ; regiment raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 

Barker, David. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at Claver- 
ack. 

Barker, David. Private, Capt. Walter McFarland's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's (Mid- 
dlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 24, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Barker, David. Private, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detachment of guards; enlisted 
March 1, 1780; rolls made up to Oct. 6, 1780; service, 7 mos. 6 daj^s, at Boston; 
also, pay roll for service from Oct, 7 to Nov. 30, 1780, 1 mo. 24 days, with guards 
at Sherborn under Corp. Reuben Partridge after the discharge of Maj. Heath. 

Barker, David. Seaman, State ship "Tartar," commanded by Capt. John Cathcart; 
engaged Aug. 12, 1782; discharged Nov. 21, 1782; service, 3 mos. 9 days; also, 
list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Dec. 3, 1782. 

Barker, David. Receipt for bountj' paid him by Allison Smith of Class No. 2 of the 
town of Biddeford to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
May 28, 1782; also, Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted April 
1, 1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 9 mos. 

Barker, David, Jr., Methuen. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 
1776. 

Barker, David, Jr. Private, Capt. David Whittier's co., Maj. Benjamin Gage's regt. ; 
marched to join Northern army Oct. 2, 1777 ; service, 40 days. Roll sworn to in 
Suffolk Co. 

Barker, Ebenezer, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Samuel Nelson's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Marshfield via No. 4 or 
Charlestown to Skeensborough, dated Boston, Jan., 1777; also, pay abstract for 
travel allowance from Fort Edward via Albany to Marshfield, allowed in Council, 
Jan. 28, 1777. 

Barker, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted April 26, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1777 ; service, 25 days ; ordered 
to Saratoga by Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Barker, Ebenezer, Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days; also, Capt. Samuel Johnson's 
CO., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; service from date of arrival at Providence, R. I., April 
27, 1777, to June 27, 1777, 2 mos. 10 days. Roll dated Bristol. 

Barker, Ebenezer. Clerk, Capt. David Whittier's co., Maj. Benjamin Gage's regt.; 
marched to join Northern army Oct. 2, 1777 ; service, 40 days. Roll sworn to in 
Suffolk Co. 

Barker, Ebenezer, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Freedom Chamberlin's co.. Col. 
Bailey's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; 
also. Sergeant, Capt. Chamberlain's co., Gen. John Thomas's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. G days; also, company 
return dated Roxbury, Oct. G, 1775; also, order for bount.v coat or its equivalent 



608 MASSACHl'SETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barker, Ehenezer, continued. 

in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775; also, letter dated Plymouth, 
May 14, 1777, recommending said Barker for position of 2d Lieutenant in the com- 
pany at the Gurnet; also, Capt. Andrew Samson's co.; return of men in service 
at the Gurnet dated May 20, 1777 ; also, 2d Lieutenant of the company stationed 
at the Gnrnet; commissioned June 21, 1777; rei)orted served in the place of 
Nathaniel Carver, resigned; also. Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlisted March 23, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 8 mos. 13 days. 

Barkek, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1780; dis- 
charged Nov. 7, 1780; service, 16 days; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 
Roll sworn to at Sheffield. 

Barker, Ebexezer, Bridgewater. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June h, 1780 ; age, 
40 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 1 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Bridgewater; arrived 
at Springfield July 8, 1780 ; also, list of men raised for tlie 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed nmster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barker, Edmvnd Morris, Haverhill (also given Topsfield). Descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at 
Fishkill, June 20, 1778; Capt. Marsh's co.. Col. Johnson's (4th) regt.; age, 16 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Haverhill. 

Barker, Edward, Petersham. Lieutenant, Capt. John Wheeler's co., Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1773 ; service, 12^ days. 

Barker, Edavard. Seaman, ship " General Putnam," commanded by Capt. Daniel 
AVaters; engaged July 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 25 days. 

Barker, Eleazer. Private, Capt. George King's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 16, 
1776 ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777 ; also, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. 
Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; service from Aug. 16 to Aug. 22, 1777, 6 days; 
company ordered to Bennington by Brig. Gen. John Fellows; «7so, pay roll for 
service from June 4 to July 15, 1778, 1 mo. 11 days; company ordered to Albany 
by Gen. F'ellows. 

Barker, Elijah, Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded by 
Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 3.^ days. 

Barker, Enoch, Methuen. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. in 1779; 
age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, sandy; residence, Methuen; de- 
livered to Ensign T. Clark ; also. Muster Master's return made liy Jolm Gushing, 
Muster Master for Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlisted for tlie to^vn 
of Methuen ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barker, Enoch, Chelmsford. List of enlisted men dated Lincoln, July 21, 1779 ; Capt. 
Ford's CO.; residence, Chelmsford; reported returned by Maj. Brown. 

Barker, Enoch. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 9 days. Roll 
dated Suffolk Co. 

Barker, Ephraim. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Moses Barnes's (5th) co., 4th Middlesex 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Barker, Ephraim, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Josei)h Smith's co., Col. James Barrett's 
regt., wliich marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 day; also, de- 
scriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; comi)lexion, light; 
hair, dark ; occupation, laborer; Ijirthplace, Pomfret, Conn. ; residence, Sudbury ; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; joined Capt. Jonathan Maynard's co., Lieut. Col. John 



IN THE WAR OF THE EEVOLUTION. 609 

Barker, Ephraim, continued. 

Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; reported mustered by Lieut. Trow- 
bridge ; also. Private, Capt. Daniel "Whiting's co., Col. Asa M'hitcoinb's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 2.3, 1776; 
reported re-engaged Nov. 21, 1776, in Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Alden's regt., but to 
serve in Col. Whitcoml)'s regt. until Dec. 31, 1776; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Maynard's co.. Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) 
regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Robert Allen's co.. Col. Ichabod Alden's 
regt.; enlistment, during war; also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. as re- 
turned by Nathaniel Barljer, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 2, 1777 ; Capt. 
Allen's CO., Col. Alden's regt. ; also, Corporal, 6th co., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, CapC Allen's co., (late) Col. Alden's regt. ; return of men in service 
on or before Aug. 15, 1777; also, Lieut. Jonas Parker's co., (late) Col. Alden's 
regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 1778, dated Cherr.v Valley ; also, muster roll for March 
and April, 1779, dated Fort Harkemer; also, Sergeant, Capt. Parker's co.. Col. 
Brooks's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; also, (late) Capt. Jonas Parker's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; reported on command with 
Col. Brooks; also, Capt. Jonathan Maynard's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's 
regt.; muster rolls for Ma.y-July, 1781; reported on command with Col. Brooks 
in May, and at West Point in June, 1781; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, 
sworn to at Peekskill ; also, muster rolls for Sept., 1781-Jan. 1782; also, muster 
roll for Feb., 1782 ; reported furloughed Feb. 7, 1782, by Capt. Coburn for 50 days ; 
allowed to go from West Point to Sudbury; also, muster rolls for March-Nov., 
1782; also, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's (8th) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
muster rolls for Dec, 1782-Feb., 1783 ; also, muster roll for March, 1783 ; reported 
furloughed l)y Col. Vose; allowed to go from Windsor to Sudbury Feb. 25, 1783, 
for 50 days; overstaj'ed 17 days on account of sickness; also, muster roll for 
April, 1783; also, list of men discharged; discharged June 10, 1783, by Gen. 
Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Barker, Ezra, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Symonds's 
regt. ; marched from Lanesborough to Manchester July 9, 1777, on an alarm ; 
service, 21 days ; also, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to Meloomscuyck Aug. 
14, 1777, on an alarm; service, 6 days; also, pay roll for 27 days service from 
Sept. 5, 1777 ; marched to Pawlet on an alarm. 

Barker, Ezra. 3d Corporal, Capt. Enos Parker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; en- 
listed July 3, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 1 day; company 
detached from Berkshire Co. regt. and sent to giiard stores at Springfield ; also, 
Capt. William White's co., (late) Col. Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted 
July 18, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, at Stone Arabia, 
N. Y. 

Barker, Fran-cis, Acton. Drummer, Capt. John Hayward's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce s 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
William Smith's co., Col. John Nixon's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated 
Charlestown, July 7, 1775; a^so, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
24, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. Israel Heald's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; marched to Iloxbury March 
4, 1776 ; service, 6 days. 

Barker, Francis. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. 
of guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barker, Fraxcis. Private ; detachment under Sergt. Kendall for guarding stores at 
Concord ; enlisted July 17, 1778 ; discharged Oct. 24, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; 
also, receipt for wages dated Concord, June 7, 1779. 



610 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barker, Francis, Acton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, '2i yrs. ; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Acton ; arrived at Springfield July 
15, 1780 ; marched to camp July 1."), 1780, under command of Capt. James Cooper ; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned I)y Brig. Gen. Pat- 
erson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; 
a/so, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y tlie town of Acton for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 15, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 29, 1780 ; 
service, 5 mos. 24 days. 

Barker, Fraxcis, Concord. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 j-rs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light; residence. Concord; arrived at Springfield 
July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. Phineas 
Parker ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Concord for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 26, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 20, 1780; service, 6 mos. 4 days; also, Private, Capt. llufus Lincoln's co., 
Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated AVest 
Point; enlisted July 8, 1780; discharged Jan. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months; also, 
descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4^ 
in.; complexion, light (also given dark); hair, brown; eyes, dark; occupation, 
laborer (also given farmer); residence, Concord; enlisted .Tan. 29, 1781; joined 
Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also, 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster rolls for June-Sept., 
1781 ; reported on command with Col. Scammell, June-Aug., 1781 ; also, muster 
rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Barker, Haxaniah. Private, Capt. John Robinson's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 4, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 6, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days ; marched to reinforce 
Northern ami}-. 

Barker, Isaac, Methuen. Private, Cajit. James Jones's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 4 days. 

Barker, Isaac, Andover. Private, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 2^ days ; also, Capt. Samuel 
Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 
1777 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days, with Northern army. 

Barker, Isaac 2d Lieutenant, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Stevens's (Artillery) regt. ; return 
for clothing delivered Jan. 11, 1779; also, Capt. Jonathan Drown's co., Col. Lee's 
regt.; pay abstract for Sept., 1779; enlisted July 1, 1777. 

Barkkr, Isaac Bowex, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Freedom Chamberlain's co.. Gen. 
John Tliomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ma.v 3, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 6 days ; also, company return dated Iloxl)ury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbur}-, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Barker, Ishmael. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj' from 2d Plymouth 
Co. regt. [year not given] ; enlisted for town of Pembroke ; joined Capt. Turner's 
CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barker, Jairus, Sandisfield. Private, (late) Capt. George King's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berksliire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 10, 1776; discharged Marcli 24, 
1777; service, 3 mos. 8 days; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777; also, muster 
roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777; also, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ash- 
ley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged May 20, 1777; 
service, 25 days; ordered to Saratoga by Maj. Gen. Gates; also, descriptive list 
of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. for the term of 9 montlis from the time of their 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 611 

Barker, Jairus, continued. 

arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; Capt. Demming's co., Col. Ashlej-'s regt. ; age, 
17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Sandisfield ; reported 
mustered by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master. 

Barker, Jaaies, Charlestown. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Harris's co., Col. Gardner's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Harris's co.. Col. Wil- 
liam Bond's (late Gardner's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 5, 1775. 

Barker, James, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Israel Chapin's co., Col. John Fellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
12 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Barker, James, Stow. List of men in Capt. Samuel Patch's co. in service dtiring June, 
1775, as shown on an armorer's account; also. Corporal, Capt. Patch's co.. Col. 
William Prescott's regt.; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Caml)ridge, Dec. 26, 1775. 

Barker, James. Private, Capt. Matthew Randall's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
enlisted June 1, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 

Barker, James, Newbury. Private, Capt. Joshua French's co.. Col. Edward Wiggles- 
worth's regt.; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Jan. 30, 1777. 

Barker, James. Private, Capt. Jolm Kellogg's co.. Col. Leonard's regt. ; enlisted 
May 16, 1777; discharged July 15, 1777; service, 2 mos. 1 day. 

Barker, James, Stow. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Taylor's co.. Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. 
Joshua Brown's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. 
Private, Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster roll dated Van Schaick's 
Island, Sept. 1, 1777; enlisted Feb. 25, 1777; reported sick at Worcester. 

Barker, James, Bradford. Private, Capt. John Savory's co. ; enlisted Nov. 30, 1775 ; 
discharged Dec. 4, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; detached from 2d Foot co. in Bradford 
for defence of Cape Ann; also, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcomb's re"-t. • 
pay roll for service from date of arrival at Providence, R. I., April 27, 1777, to 
June 27, 1777, 2 mos. 10 days ; roll dated Bristol, R. I. ; also, descriptive list of 
men enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their 
arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; Capt. Savory's co., Col. Johnson's (4th) regt.; 
age, 18 yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; residence, Bradford; also, Capt. James Mallon's co., 
Essex Co. regt. ; enlisted Oct. 7, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 6 
days, at Castle Island, under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Barker, James. Private, Capt. Roswell Downing's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 19, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 23, 1779 ; service, 
1 mo. 8^ days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Babker, James. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barker, James. Capt. Job Sumner's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; muster 
return [year not given] ; reported deserted. 

Barker, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1776 ; service, 3 days. 

Barker, Jeremiah. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 23, 1777; service, 
15 days, at St. Croix. 



612 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barker, Jesse, Brimfield. Private, Capt. Edward Seagrave's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 20, 177'); service, 2 mos. 17 
days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 177'i; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 21, 177;); also, return of men en- 
listed into Continental Army, dated March 29, 1779; joined Capt. Seagrave's co., 
Col. John Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years, to expire in 1780; rt/5o,6th co.. Col. 
John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 3, 1777, 
to Oct. 8, 1778; reported died Oct. 8, 1778; also, Capt. Isaac Warren's co.. Col. 
Baile}''s regt. ; return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Barker, Jesse. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Dec. 19, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 
17 days, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's troops at Winter Hill ; pay roll for Feb. and 
March, 1778, dated Bradford. 

Barker, Jesse. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; en- 
listed July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days; enlistment, 
3 months, for service at West Point. 

Barker, Jesse, Jr., Brimfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated 
March 29,1779; joined Capt. Seagrave's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years, to expire in 1780 ; also, Private, 6th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental 
Army i)ay accounts for service from April i, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. Isaac 
Warren's (6th) co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 
24, 1778 ; also, Major's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated West Point, Jan. 27, 1781 ; Capt. Seth Drew's co., 2d regt. ; stature, 5 ft. 
11 in.; complexion, light; hair, sandy; residence, Brimfield; enlisted April 3, 
1777, by Lieut. Walker; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Adams Bailey's co., 
Col. Bailey's regt. ; return dated Boston, June 14, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Barker, John, Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177.'); service, 2 days. 

Barker, Johx, Acton. Corporal, Capt. John Hayward's co.. Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 28 days. 

Barker, Johx. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 7 days before marching to Roxbury, Feb. 12, 1776. 

Barker, John. Corporal, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; company raised from Scituate and 
Hanover to serve at Biistol, R. I. 

Barker, John. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 25, 1777 ; ser\'ice, 26 days ; stationed at Fort Ann. 
Roll sworn to at Lanesborough. 

Barker, John, Bolton (or Princeton). Sergeant, Capt. James Mirick's co. ; enlisted 
Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 25 days; marched to reinforce 
Gen. Gates at Saratoga. 

Barker, John, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; company return dated Camijridge, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for l)ounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775; a^so, Capt. John 
Adams's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., commanded by Maj. Gage; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777; discliarged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days; marched to rein- 
force Northern army. 

Barker, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Gage's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
30, 1777; discliarged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, witli Northern army. 
Roll dated Bradford. 

Barker, John. Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (1st) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; list of men who received bounty for 8 mos. service from April 30, 
1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. G13 

Barker, Johx. Sergeant, Capt. John Hastings's co.. Col. William S. Smith's regt. ; 
pay rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778 ; reported reduced to Private Xov. 12, 1778. 

Barker, Johx. Private, Capt. John Kettell's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detachment 
of guards; enlisted May 12, 1779; discharged June 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 1 
day, at Boston. 

Barker, John, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of ship " Jack " (privateer) , 
commanded by Capt. Nathan Brown, dated July 1, 1780; age, 27 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 7i in. ; complexion, light. 

Barker, John. Matross, Capt. Perez Cushing's (1st) co.. Col. Paul Revere's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Nov. 8, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1 to Maj^ 8, 1780, -1 mos. 8 days, 
dated Boston. 

Barker, John. Lieutenant, serving as volunteer, Capt. John Preble's co. ; enlisted 
Feb. 1, 1780; discharged May 16, 1780; service, 3 mos. 16 days, under Col. John 
Allan in Eastern department; stationed at Machias. 

Barker, John, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Lyon's and Capt. Jesse Perrin's cos., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Tubbs's co., Col. "Walker's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, Private, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; 
marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. 
Martin's CO., Col. Williams's regt. ; pay roll for service at Tiverton, R. I., from 
Sept. 29 to Oct. 30, 1777 ; also, Lieut. Samuel Brown's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 
1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, under Gen. Heath. 

Barker, John. Private, Capt. Michael G. Houdin's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during 
war; reported on command with sappers and miners. 

Barker, John. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Rochester to serve in the 
Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated May 25, 1781. 

Barker, John, Acton. Capt. William Smith's co., Col. John Nixon's regt. ; order 
for advance pay dated Charlestown, July 7, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 24, 1775 ; ser\ice, 2 mos. ; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Simeon Hunt's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt., 
dated Sept. 5, 1777; joined Capt. Munroe's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years or during war; also, Capt. Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
(loth) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777 ; reported 
at Charlestown; also, pay abstract for Feb., 1779, sworn to at Providence; also, 
(late) Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 
1779; also. Major's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Barker, John. Receipt for bounty paid him by Lieut. Andrew McCulley, Chairman 
of Class No. 46 of the town of Middleborough, to serve in the Continental Army 
for the term of 3 years, dated July 16, 1781 ; reported a servant to Amos Nelson, 
who signed receipt for bounty. 

Barker, John, Rehoboth (also given Norwich). Lieutenant, Col. Henry Jackson's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from July 1, 1777, to March 1, 
1779; reported resigned March 1, 1779; service made up in Col. William R. Lee's 
regt. ; also, Lieut. Col. Smith's (late Lee's) regt. ; return of officers dated Paw- 
tucket, Sept. 19, 1778; also, pay alistract for Dec, 1778, dated Providence; re- 
ported mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master. 



614 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahker, John, Sudbury (also given Fitzwilliam) . Descriptive list of enlisted men; 
age, 25 (also given 2-t) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, dark (also given 
light) ; hair, light (also given brown) ; occupation, farmer; birthplace, Pomfret, 
Conn.; residence, Sudbury; enlisted Nov. 20, 1776; joined Capt. Robert Allen's 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; mustered I)y Capt. Allen ; also, return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Maynard's co., Col. Ezekiel 
Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Ichabod 
Alden's regt.; enlistinent, during war; reported furlouglied; «/so, list of men 
mustered in Suffolk Co. as returned l)y Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated 
Boston, March 2, 1777; Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; also, Sergeant, 6th 
CO., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Arm.v pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Allen's co., (late) Col. Alden's 
regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, Lieut. Jonas Par- 
ker's CO., (late) Col. Alden's regt.; musteivroll for Dec, 1778, dated Cherry Val- 
ley ; reported furlouglied Dec. 18, 1778, for 18 days ; also, muster roll for March 
and April, 1779, dated Fort Harkemer; also, Capt. Parker's co.. Col. Brooks's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated "West Point; also, Capt. 
Jonathan Maynard's (6tli) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for May, 

1781, dated AVest Point; reported furloughed; also, muster rolls for June and 
July, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, sworn to at Peekskill ; reported sick 
at New Windsor; also, muster rolls for Sept., 1781-Nov., 1782; reported sick at 
New Windsor in Sept., 1781, and in quarters in July, 1782; furloughed Aug. 19, 

1782, for 90 days, to go from Windsor to New Sudbury ; also, Capt. Nathaniel C. 
Allen's (8th) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Dec, 1782-April, 
1783 ; reported furloughed Dec, 1782-Feb., 1783 ; sick in Massachusetts in March, 
1783 ; sick at Fitzwilliam in April, 1783. 

Barker, John. Seaman, sloop "Republic," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged June 13, 1776; discharged Nov. 18, 1776, at Boston ; service, 5 mos. 5 days; 
also. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded l)y Capt. John F. Williams ; engaged 
Nov. 1, 1780; service, 6 mos. 4 days; reported captured May 5, 1781. 

Barker, Johx, Jr., Methuen. Private, Capt. James Mallone's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5^ days. 

Barker, John, Jr., Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4j| days. [Name crossed out on roll.] 

Barker, Johx, Jr., Andover. Private, Capt. Thomas Poor's co.. Col. James Frye's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported enlisted 
Jan. 31, 1775; also, return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775; also, 
Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co.. Col. Frye's regt. ; company return dated Cambridge, 
Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Sergeant, Capt. John Adams's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., 
commanded by Maj. Gage; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 9 days; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Barker, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Jaljez Bullock's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., July 27, 1780, on an alarm ; discharged July 31, 1780 ; 
service, 5 days. 

Barker, John, 3d, Andover. Private, Capt. Thomas Poor's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., whicli marclied on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted Jan. 31, 1775; also, return of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Farnum's co.. Col. Frye's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Caml)ridge, Nov. 13, 1775; also, list of men who 
received money from the i)ul)lic treasury for losses at the battles of Lexington and 
Bunker Hill ; warrant allowed in Council, June 13, 1776. 

Barker, Jonas, Sutton (also given Boston). Private, Capt. James Gray's co.. Col. 
Thomas Marshall's regt. ; enlisted May 26, 1776 ; rolls made np to Nov. 30, 1776 ; 
service, 6 mos. 5 days. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 615 

Bakkku, Joxas. Private, Capt. William Thurlovv's co., Maj. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 22, 1777; service, 9 days; marched on an alarm at Bennington l)y 
order of Gen. Stark and Col. Warner; dismissed by Gen. Lincoln after proceed- 
ing 90 miles. 

Baukek, Joxas. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlistment, 
3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army at Claverack. 

Barker, Jonathan, Haverhill. Private, Lieut. Israel Bartlet's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Barker, Jonathan (also given John). Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (1st) co.. Col. 
Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; service, 20 days, between Aug. 1 and Oct. 1, 
1777; also, list of men entitled to a bounty dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Barker, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Marsh's co., Maj. Gage's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days; company raised to 
reinforce Northern army. 

Barker, Jonathan, Methuen. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcomb's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from date of arrival at Providence, R. I., April 27, 1777, 
to June 27, 1777, 2.mos. 10 days, dated Bristol, 11. L ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Gage's 
CO., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; enlisted Dec. 19, 1777 ; rolls made up to 
April 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days, guarding Gen. Burgoyne's troops at Winter 
Hill; pay roll for Feb. and March, 1778, dated Bradford. 

Barker, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Edmund Longley's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 2, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. ; company detached 
to fortify posts in and about Boston. 

Barker, Jonathan, Dracut. Private, Capt. Thomas Hovey's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; enlisted July 6, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 22, 1779 ; service, 5 mos. 22 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable 
to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; Capt. Varnum's co. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; 
complexion, light; residence, Dracut; enlistment, 3 months from time of arrival 
at Claverack. 

Barker, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Amos Foster's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's (7th Mid- 
dlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
3 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; 
marched to Fishkill. 

Barker, Jonathan. Capt. Moses Draper's co.. Col. Badlam's regt. ; return for cloth- 
ing dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Barker, Jonathan, Methuen. Sergeant, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Fry's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted 
Feb. 14, 1775 ; also, Capt. Davis's co., Col. James Fr}"e's regt. ; receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also, retui-n of men in camp at Cambridge, 
May 17, 1775; also, Sergeant Major; company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 5, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Bos- 
ton, Dec. 1, 1775. 

Barker, Jonathan, Jr., Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5^ days ; also, descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at 
Fishkill, June 18, 1778 ; Capt. Whittier's co.. Col. Johnson's (4th Essex Co.) regt. ; 
age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; residence, Methuen. 

Barker, Jonathan, 3d. List of men who received money from the public treasury 
for losses at the battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; warrant allowed in Coun- 
cil, June 13, 1776. 



616 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barker, Joseph, Acton. Private, Capt. John Hayward's co., Col. Abijah Pierce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 da}'s. 

Barker, Joseph, Marblehead. Matross, Capt. Samuel Trevett's co.. Col. Richard 
Gridley's regt.; muster roll dated June 21, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 7 days. 

Barker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; enlisted May 30, 1776; ser- 
vice, 3 mos., at Falmouth. [See Joseph Parker.] 

Barker, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; en- 
listed Nov. 3, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 5 mos., at Cambridge. 

Barker, Joseph. Seaman, brigantine "Favorite," commanded by Capt. Nicholas 
Bartlett, Jr. ; portage bill for voyage from Boston to South Carolina, thence to 
France and Ijack to Boston; engaged Feb. 25, 1778; service, 1 mo. 20 days; 
reported captured by the enemy April 15, 1778. 

Barker, Joseph, Chelmsford. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. in 
1779, to serve in the Continental Army ; Capt. Ford's co. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 3 in; complexion, light; residence, Chelmsford; delivered to Ensign T. 
Clark; also, list of men dated Lincoln, July 21, 1779, returned by Maj. Brown. 

Barker, Joseph. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 9 days. Roll 
dated Suffolk Co. 

Barker, Joshua, Pembroke. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Cushing's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Pembroke (West Parish) to Marshfield; ser- 
vice, 2 days; also, Capt. James Hatch's co. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; service, 5 
days ; marched from Pembroke (West Parish) to Weymouth via Braintree on an 
alarm. 

Barker, Joshua, Pembroke (West Parish). Private, Capt. Josiah Cushing's co.,Col. 
John Cushing's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 10, 1776, 
on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 24, 1776; service, 15 days. 

Barker, Joshua, Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., under command 
of Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marclied on tlie alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days ; also, Capt. Samuel Wood's co., 
Col. Ward's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 13, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 24, 1775; service, 2 mos. 13 days; 
also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, list of men mustered 
in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1777; Capt. Abijah 
Childs's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 j'ears; also, Capt. Childs's 
CO., Col. Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 22, 1777, to June 20, 1779; reported deserted July 1, 1779; also, Capt. Samuel 
Flower's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp Highlands, June 12, 
1779; reported on furlougli from April 20 to June 1, 1779; also, muster roll dateiL 
Constitution Island, July 3, 1779. 

Barker, Josiah. Fifer, Capt. William Weston's co. ; enlisted June 24. 1776 ; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1776; stationed at the Gurnet for defence of Plymouth harbor. 

Barker, Josiah. Private, Capt. Andrew Samson's co. ; return of men in service at 
the Gurnet, dated May 20, 1777. 

Barker, Josiah, Pembroke. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master, as returned April 1, 1778; Capt. Wood's (also given Capt. Cole's) 
CO., Col. Jacobs's regt. ; mustered March, 1778, for service at Rhode Island ; en- 
listment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, Private, Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co.. Col. 
John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted March 23, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; 
service, 9 mos. 11 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 617 

Barker, Josiah, Hanover. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 20 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Hanover; arrived at Spring- 
field July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Capt. 
George Webl) ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Hanover for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Jul.v 5, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 10, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 17 days. 

Barker, Josiah. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. J. Jacobs's regt.; enlisted 
July 2.3, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barker, Josiah. Receipt for bountj' paid him by Capt. Joseph Butterfield of Class 
No. 4 of the town of Dunstable to serve in the Continental Army during war, 
dated Boston, March 2G, 1782. 

Barker, Josiah. Receipt for wages to May 10, 1783; service on frigate "Hague," 
commanded by Capt. J. Manley. 

Barker, Moses, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 da^'s ; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
age, 36 jts. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; rank. Ser- 
geant; residence, Dracut; enlisted April 25, 1775; also, Sergeant, Capt. Ford's 
CO., Col. Bridge's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1-1 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 21, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. Ford's co.. Col. Robinson's regt. ; receipt for wages from Feb. 5 to April 1, 
1776, dated Chelmsford; also, receipts for wages, etc., dated Ticonderoga, Aug. 
28 and Oct. 2, 1776 ; also, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, with 
Gen. Warner's brigade in Northern department. 

Barker, Moses. Adjutant, Col. William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt.; service, 
4 days, from March 4, 1776, at the taking of Dorchester Heights. 

Barker, Moses. Private, Capt. William H. Ballard's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Barker, Moses. 2d Lieutenant, Lieut. John Flint's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; 
enlisted May 13, 1778; discharged Feb. 11, 1779; service, 9 mos. 12 days; com- 
pany raised to fortify passes of North River ; also, Capt. Asa Lawrence's co.. Col. 
Poor's regt. ; pay rolls for May-Aug., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; also, (late) Capt. 
Lawrence's co.. Col. Poor's regt.; muster roll for Sept., 1778, dated West Point; 
also, Lieut. Flint's co.. Col. Poor's regt. ; muster roll for Nov., 1778, dated West 
Point; also, list of officers in a detachment ordered to Peekskill under Capt. 
Lawrence [year not given] . 

Barker, Moses, Methuen. Private, Lieut, Colonel's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; also, Capt. Benjamin Wallcut's (8th) co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract 
for 51 days rations from Feb. 3 to March 25, 1777 ; also, pay abstracts for clothing 
for 1777 and 1778; also, muster rolls dated West Point, Feb. 1 and April 6, 1779; 
reported transferred to the Infantry April 1, 1779; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men made up from Nov. 6, 1776, to Fel). 1, 1780; Lieut. Colonel's co., lOtli regt. ; 
age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, black ; enlistment, dur- 
ing war; also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to [year not given] ; also. Col. Benjamin 
Tuppcr's (10th) regt.; pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783; 
service, 21 mos. 4 days; reported deserted Oct. 5, 1782; also, Capt. Taylor's co., 
10th regt. ; list of men [3'ear not given] . 



618 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 



Bakker, Moses, Jr., Dracut. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. John Ford's co., 
Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, 
light; occupation, farmer; residence, Dracut; enlisted April 25, 1775; a/so, Capt. 
Ford's CO., Col. Bridge's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 6, 
1775; also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 14 days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Caml^ridge, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Barker, Nathan, Methuen. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's 
(1st) regt. ; muster rolls for May-July, 1781 ; enlisted March 17, 1781 ; enlistment, 
3 years; reported on command at the Lines in May, 1781 ; on command with Col. 
Scammell in July, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill ; 
also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; also, muster roll for 
Jan., 1782; also, muster roll for March, 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Barker, Nathax, Jr., Methuen. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 
1776. 

Barker, Nathaxiel, Rowley. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Payson's co., whicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Lieut. James Todd's co. ; 
pay roll for 3 days service sworn to at Ipswich, Dec. 16, 1775 ; marched from Row- 
ley to guard Gloucester harbor and the brig "Nancy" brought in by Capt. 
Manley. 

Barker, Nathaniki,. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co.. Col. Nathaniel "Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised for service at West Point. 

Barker, Nehemiah, Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bodwell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3^ days. 

Barker, Newell (also given Newhall), Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Daniel 
Brown's co. ; marched to Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 
6 days ; also, Capt. Brown's co., commanded by Lieut. William White, Col. Miles 
Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; discharged Sept. 1, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Baiikek, Ohei), Andover. Private, Capt. John Peal)ody's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., sworn to Nov. 29, 1776 ; also, list of 
men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Natlianiel Barljer, Muster Master, dated Boston, 
March 2, 1777; Capt. Abijah Childs's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; also, 
Drummer, Capt. Cliilds's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental Armj' pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 22, 1777, to Feb. 1, 1778; reported deserted. 

Barker, Oliver, Sandisfield. Private, Capt. Jacob Brown's co.. Col. James Fellows's 
regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 18 days ; also, list of men who enlisted in an artillery company in Roxbury 
and were unwilling to be mustered under John Wiley, acting as Captain, dated 
June 21, 1775; also, return of men from Capt. Soule's co.. Col. Fellows's regt., 
dated Camp at Roxl)ury, June 23, 1775; enlisted June 6 (also given June 25), 
1775; joined Capt. Ezra Badlam's (Artillery) co. ; also, Matross, Capt. Badlam's 
CO., Col. Richard Gridle}''s (Artillery) regt. ; company return dated Camp at Rox- 
bury, June 23, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 6, 1775; 
service, 2 mos.; also, company return dated Sewall's Point, Oct. 8, 1775; also, 
order for l)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Sewall's Point, 
Nov. 21, 1775; also, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillerj') regt.; 
return of men in service [prolmbly between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Barker, Oliver. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted 
June 4, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 1 mo. II days; company ordered 
to Albany by Gen. Fellows. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 619 

Barker, Pavl. Private, Capt. Daniel Bro\vn's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days. 

Barker, Paul, Lanesborough. Corporal, Capt. Noah Hinman's co.. Col. Asa Barns's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched Oct. 15, 1781 ; service, 7 days. 

Barker, Peleg, Pembroke. Private, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. John Cushing's 
regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 9, 1776 ; service, 17 days. 

Barker, Peter. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern army. 
Roll sworn to at Andover. 

Barker, Peter, West Springfield. Private, Capt. Caleb Keep's co.. Col. William 
Shepard's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 31, 1778; reported deserted July 2, 
1777. [See Peter Baker.] 

Barker, Peter, Danvers. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 27, 1778; age, 
22 3-rs. ; stature, 3 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, dark; eyes, dark; residence, 
Danvers. 

Barker, Peter. Private, Capt. Joseph Hodgkins's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
pay roll for Feb., 1779, dated Providence; also, muster roll for March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; enlistment, 9 months ; discharged March 24, 1779. 

Barker, Peter, Methuen. Private, Capt. John Da-vis's co., Col. Fry's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; enlisted Feb. 14, 1775; 
also, Capt. Davis's co., Col. James Frye's regt.; return of men in camp at Cam- 
bridge May 17, 1775; also, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 
1775; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 5, 1775; also, descriptive list 
of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable 
to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, ruddy; 
residence, Methuen ; arrived at Springfield July 6, 1780 ; marched to camp Julj- 
6, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by 
the town of Methuen for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched 
July 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 5, 1780; service, 5 mos. 17 days. 

Barker, Peter. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated March 8, 1784. 

Barker, Philip, Newbury. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of 
April 20, 1778; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, black; eyes, blue; 
residence, Newbury. 

Barker, Phixeas, Andover. Sergeant, Lieut. Peter Poor's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days. 

Barker, Pitts. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days; also, Capt. 
David Wheeler's co.. Col. Asa Barnes's regt. ; marched from Lanesborough to 
Saratoga, Oct. 29, 1781, on an alarm; service, 11 days. 

Barker, Robert. Petition dated Boston, Dec. 12, 1781, signed by Nathaniel Goodale 
and others, asking that said Barker be commissioned as commander of the brig- 
antine "Diana; " ordered in Council, Dec, 1781, that a commission be issued. 

Barker, Samuel, Andover. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded by 
Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which inarched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3jJ days. 

^Barker, Samuel. Private; list of men retm-ned as serving on picket guard. May 23, 
1775, under Maj. Baldwin. 



620 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barker, Samvel, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Timothy "Walker's (22d) 
rejrt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 
days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Barker, SAMrEi-. Capt. Oliver Soper's co. ; receipt for wages for Feb. and March, 
177G, dated New York ; also, receipts for wages and rations for May-July, 1776 ; 
also, receipt for equipments dated New York, Aug. 21, 1776; also, receipt for 
wages for July and Aug., 1776. 

Barker, Samuel, Harwich. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Aaron Willard's 
regt. ; return for mileage from Fort Edward to Harwich, dated Boston, Jan., 1777 ; 
also, pay abstract for mileage, etc., to Ticonderoga, dated Boston, Jan. 15, 1777. 

Barker, Saah-el. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., Col. John Ilathaway's 
regt.; enlisted April 21, 1777; service, 23 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
stationed at Tiverton, R. I. 

Barker, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Josiali Whitney's 
regt. ; service from May 13, 1777, to July 5, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days, on an alarm at 
Rliode Island; travel allowance to Rehoboth from Point Judith, Soutli King- 
ston, R. I. 

Barker, Samuel, West Springfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, 
sworn to April 14, 1777; joined Capt. Barker's co. ; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war ; reported engaged for State of Connecticut. 

Barker, Samuel, Newbury. List of men who received pay for 1^ mos. service in 
Rhode Island under Maj. William Rogers, dated Newbury, Jan. 25, 1779; also. 
Muster Master's return made by John Cushing, Muster Master for Essex Co., 
dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlistment, 9 months; also, descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Essex Co. in 1779, to serve in the Continental Army; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Newbury; delivered to Lieut. 
William Storey. 

Barker, Samuel, Rehoboth. Sergeant, Col. Henry Sherburne's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
James Wel)l)'s co.. Col. Sherl)urne's regt. ; muster roll for Julj' and Aug., 1778, 
dated Camp at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Benjamin Burton's co.. Col. Sherbm-ne's 
regt.; return dated Boston, June 15, 1779; enlistment, 3 years or during war; 
also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 21, 1780; reported transferred from 
Col. Sherburne's regt. by order of Gen. Washington, May 2, 1780; discliarged 
July 21, 1780; also, muster roll dated Camp near Morristown, May 6, 1780. 

Barker, Samuel, Methuen. Fifer, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Frj^'s regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; enlisted Feb. 14, 1775; 
also, Private, Capt. Davis's co.. Col. James Frye's regt.; return of men in camp 
at Cambridge May 17, 1775; «/so, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 
8, 1775; rt/w, Fifer; company return dated Caml)ridge, Oct. 5, 1775; enlisted July 
14, 1775; also, Cai)t. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward Wiggleswortli's regt.; 
pay abstract for mileage from Alljany home, dated Dec, 1776 ; also, Capt. Samuel 
Carr's co., Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from June 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental Army pa}^ accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; also, descriptive list of men wlio re- 
enlisted, made up from Jan. 1 to Dec. 31, 1780; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in.; 
complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, husbandman; residence, Methuen ; 
enlisted Nov. 2, 1779, by Capt. Carr at West Point ; joined Capt. Samuel Carr's 
CO., Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt.; enlistment, during war. 

Barker, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joshua French's co.. Col. Enoch rutiiani's regt.; 
warrant to pay officers and men dated Marcli 7, 1783. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 621 

Barker, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Peirce's co. ; warrant to pa.y officers and 
men dated March, 1783. 

Barker, Samuel. Private, Col. Wesson's (9th) regt. ; statement of Continental balances 
[year not given] ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barker, Silas, Lanesljorongh. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Melooniscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm; service, 6 days; also, Cajit. Brown's 
CO., commanded liy Lieut. William White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berlcshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; discharged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at 
New Haven, Conn. 

Barker, Silas. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Asa Barnes's regt. ; marched 
from Lanesboxough to Saratoga Oct. 29, 1781, on an alarm; service, 11 days. 

Barker, Simeox. Private, Capt. Daniel Sackett's co.. Col. Buggies Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 10 days, 
at the Northward. 

Barker, Simeon. Private, Capt. Preserved Leonard's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 
10 days, at New London, Conn. 

Barker, Simeox, Granville. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 25 yrs. ; 
stature, .5ft. 11 in.; complexion, light ; residence, Granville ; arrived at Springfield 
July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Ensign Ban- 
croft; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Granville for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 10, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 30, 1780 ; 
service, 5 mos. 25 days; a/so, descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, tailor; residence, Gran\ille; 
enlisted March 8, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Drummer, Capt. Elnathan Has- 
kell's CO., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated 
West Point ; enlistment, during war ; also, muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781 ; 
reported on command at West Point in June, 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 
1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts ; reported on command at Philadelphia in Oct. 
and Nov., 1781. 

Barker, Stephex, Methuen. Private, Maj. Samuel Bod well's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days. 

Barker, Stephex, Berkley. Private, Capt. Joseph Ball's co.. Col. Edward Pope's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; marched on alarm at Rhode Island, Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
21 days ; stationed at Warren, R. I. 

Barker, Stephex, Ashby. Private, Capt. John Jones's co.. Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days ; also, list of men raised Sept. 30, 1777, to serve 30 days ; arrived 
at camp and marched Oct. 1, 1777. 

Barker, Stephex. Corporal, Capt. David Whittier's co., Maj. Benjamin Gage's regt. ; 
marched Oct. 2, 1777, to join Northern army ; service, 40 days. Roll sworn to in 
Suffolk Co. 

Barker, Theodore, Acton. List of men detached from Col. Brooks's regt. to relieve 
guards at Cambridge [year not given] ; served in company commanded by Lieut. 
Heald, Jr., of Acton; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Simeon Hunt's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt., dated Sept. 5, 1777; joined 
Capt. Munroe's co., Col. Bigelow'sregt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, 
Private, Capt. Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; muster return 
dated Feb. 3, 1778 ; reported discharged. 



622 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAD^ORS 

Bakkek, Theodore. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. of gtiards; enlisted April 2, 1778; reported dismissed at muster; service, 

I mo. 8 days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barker, Theodore. Private, Capt. Francis Barker's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 4, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 

II days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barker, Theodore. Private, Capt. Richard Rogers's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 14, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days, 
at "Winter Hill. 

Barker, Thomas, Marblehead. Bombardier, Capt. Samuel Trevett's co.. Col. Richard 
Gridley's regt. ; muster roll dated June 21, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 
1 mo. 7 days; a^so. Quarter Gunner, Capt. Edward Fettyplace's (Marblehead) 
CO. ; enlisted Feb. 20, 1776 ; rolls made up to Sept. 1, 1776 ; service, 6 mos. 10 days., 

Barker, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co.. Col. Varnum's regt. ; enlisted 
Nov. 13, 1775 [service not given]. 

Barker, Thomas. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. Daniel 
Souther ; engaged Aug. 19, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 21, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 2 days. 

Barker, Thojias, Marblehead. Capt. William Bladder's co., Col. John Glover's regt. ;. 
receipt for advance pay dated Caml)ridge, June 27, 1775; also, Sergeant; master 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; also, 
company return dated Caml)ridge, Oct. 9, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 20, 1775; also, Capt. Jonathan W. 
Edes's (4th) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 11, 1776; 
rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 25 days; also. Quartermaster 
Sergeant; pay rolls for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to May 8, 1777, 6 mos. 7 days; 
reported as serving in colony service Nov., 1776, and in Continental service Dec, 
1776, and Jan., 1777. 

Barker, Thomas, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co., Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to tlie alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; marched Sept. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barker, Thomas. Quartermaster, Col. Jolin Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from April 12, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1778 ; reported dis- 
charged Nov. 1, 1778; also, muster roll for Sept., 1777; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777;. 
reported on command at Boston ; also, muster roll for Nov., 1777 ; reported sick 
at Springliouse Tavern ; also, muster roll for Dec, 1777 ; reported on command 
at Boston ; also, list of men dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1778 ; also, return of officers for 
clothing, dated Boston, May 26, 1778. 

Barker, Thomas. Cooper, Inigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet; engaged Feb. 10, 1779 ; discliarged April 30, 1779; service, 2 mos. 21 days; 
also, Cooper, brigantine "Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; engaged 
May 24, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 3 mos. 8 days. 

Barker, Thomas, Dracut. Private, Capt. J. B. Varnum's co., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; 
abstract of equipments for train band for 1777 ; also, descriptive list of men raised 
agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; Capt. Varnum's co. ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Dracut; enlistment, 3 months. 

Babker, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Abbot's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; en- 
listed July 10, 1780; discliarged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barker, Timothy, Dracut. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Green's regt.,. 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Joseph 
B. Varnum's co., Col. Spaulding's regt.; abstracts of equipments for train band. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 623 

Barker, Timothy, continued. 

and alarm list for 1777; also, Capt. Yamum's Volunteer (2d Dracut) co., Col. 
Jonathan Reed's rept. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 
42 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Barker, Timothy. Seaman, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; 
engaged Dec. 2, 1778; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 18 days, lloll 
dated Boston. 

Barker, William, Acton. Private, Capt. Israel Heald's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. ; marched to Roxbury March 4, 1776 ; ser\-ice, 6 days ; also, Capt. Simon 
Hunt's CO., Col. Brooks's regt.; return of men in camp at White Plains [year 
not given] . 

Barker, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co., Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 18, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Claverack. 

Barker, William, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised from Col. Procter's (Boston) 
regt. to reinforce Continental Array for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve 
of June 5, 1780; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, 
Boston; arrived at Springfield July 5, 1780; men receipted for by Capt. Lieut. 
John Callender, 3d Artillery battalion; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by 
the town of Boston for service in the Continental Arm}- during 1780 ; marched 
July 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 21, 1780; service, 5 mos. 21 days. 

Barker, William (also given Williams). Captain, 2d Scituate co., 2d Plymouth 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 10, 1776 ; also, 
Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched Dec. 10, 1776; service, 
15 days; marched to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm; also, Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 30, 1781 ; service, 30 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Barker, William Smith. Private, Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. John Robinson's 
regt.; enlisted July 7, 1777; service, 5 mos. 28 days; also, Capt. Francis Brown's 
CO., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; dis- 
charged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barker, Zebediah. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos., with Northern 
army. Roll sworn to at Andover. 

Barklet, Edward, Dighton. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. Pope's (Bristol 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; service, 4 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Bark.max, Bill. Private, Capt. Zebedee Bedding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt.; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated April 1, 1779; 
enlisted May 9, 1777 ; reported deserted or never joined. 

Barkxap, Johx. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamb's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 
enlisted May 20, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 7 mos. 14 days, at 
Rhode Island ; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, Sept. 17, 1778 ; also, 
muster roll dated Warwick, Nov. 7, 1778 ; also, muster roll dated East Greenwich, 
Jan. 1, 1779. 

Barkxer, Joseph. List of men raised by the town of Boston to serve in the Continen- 
tal Army for the term of 9 months, agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778; Col. 
Jabez Hatch's regt. 

Barkor, Moses. Adjutant, Col. William Heath's regt. ; ser\ice, 7 days, on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775. 

Barkor, William. Capt. Samuel McCobb's co., Col. John Nixon's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated AViuter Hill, Dec. 23, 1775. 



624: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baklkt, Joseph, Brookfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. ZS'ewell's co., Col. 
llice's regt. ; a;xe, 21 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 2 in.; complexion, liglit; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Brookfield; enlisted Jan. 20, 17S1; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barlett, Robert. Capt. Theodore Bliss's co.. Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 20, 1775. 

Barley, Edward. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Barley, Michael. Armorer's Mate, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul 
Jones; list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig 
" Active " [year not given] . 

Barley, Michael, Boston. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
dated Boston, Jan. 19, 1777; Capt. King's (2d) co., Col. Marsliall's (10th) regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Samuel King's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; roll made up for rations from date of enlistment, Dec. 28, 1776, to 
date of arrival at Bennington, F'eb. 21, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days; also, 1st co.. Col. 
Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 24, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, dated West Point; 
reported on command at Litchfield ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 24, 1780. 

Barley, Samuel, Natick. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Mid- 
dlesex Co., agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778 ; Capt. Broad's co., Col. Bullard's 
regt.; age, 26 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; residence, Natick; enlisted for town of 
Weston ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barley, Solomon, Gloucester. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Essex Co. [j'ear not given] . 

Barlles, Silas. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampsliire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at New London, Conn. 

Barlo, Auxer. Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 22, 1775; also. 
Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days; marched to 
Bennington on an alarm. 

Barlo, Benjamin*. Private, Capt. Aaron Coe's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 
days ; marched on an alarm to i-einforce Northern army, by order of Gen. Gates. 

Barlo, Ekenezer. Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co.. Col. Timoth}- Danielson's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone,y, dated Roxlmry, Nov. 25, 1775; also, 
Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hampshire Co.) regt., 
commanded by Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; discharged 
Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. Roll dated 
Granville. 

Barlo, Edmund. 1st Lieutenant, Cai)t. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Mosley's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; commanded by Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson ; enlisted 
Oct. 21, 1776; discharged Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern army. Roll dated Granville. 

Barlow, . [TJiis name also appears under the form of Barlo.] 

Barlow, Aaron. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co.. Col. El)enezer Sprout's 
regt. ; service, 15 days [probably in Dec, 1776] ; marched from Rehoboth to Rhode 
Island on an alarm. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 625 

Bahlow, Abner, Granville. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which inarched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 177"i; service, 9 days; reported en- 
listed into the arnij' April 29, 1775; also, Capt. Ball's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 10 days; also, company jeturn dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barlow, Ammitai, Rochester. Private, Capt. Earl Clap's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, .3 mos. 6 days; also, 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; service, 15 days [probably in Dec, 1776]; 
marched from Rfihoboth to Rhode Island on an alarm. 

Baklow, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 1 day. Roll 
dated North Castle. 

Barlow, Ebexezer, Granville. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; reported 
enlisted into the array April 29, 1775; also, 4th Corporal, Capt. Ball's co.. Col. 
Timothy Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barlow, Ebexezer, Rochester. Corporal, Capt. Earl Clap's co.. Col. Theophilus Cot- 
ton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
6 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; service, 15 days [probably in Dec, 1776] ; marched from Rochester to 
Rhode Island on an alarm; also, Capt. William Tupper's co.. Col. Titcomb's 
regt.; service, 65 days, in May and June, 1777, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. 
Samuel Briggs's co., Col. Cotton's regt.. Gen. Palmer's brigade; marched to 
Tiverton, R. I., on a secret expedition, Sept. 29, 1777; service, 32 days. 

Barlow, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt.; 
enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West 
Point; enlistment, 3 months; also, receipt for bounty paid him by the town of 
Hardwick to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 months, dated Hard- 
wick, April 30, 1781. 

Barlow, Edmixd. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. William Cooley's (9th, also given .5th) co.. 
Col. John Moseley's (3d Hampshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned April 26, 1776; also, Capt. Solomon Brown's co.. Col. Elisha Por- 
ter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1779; discharged Sept. 1, 1779; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 6 days, at New London, Conn. 

Barlow, Eliakim, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days ; also. Ser- 
geant, Capt. Joshua Benson-'s co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Private, Capt. Nehemiah Allen's co.. Col. Cotton's 
regt. ; service, 31 days, in Sept. and Oct., 1777 ; marched on a secret expedition to 
Rhode Island. 

Barlow, Felix. Private, Capt. Samuel Goodrich's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1779; discharged Aug. 22, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Barlow, Hemax. Private, Capt. William Cooley's co.. Col. John Moseley's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. 1 day; roll 
dated North Castle; also, Capt. William Cannon's co.. Col. David Leonard's 
regt.; enlisted May 6, 1777; discharged July 14, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days; 



626 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.AILORS 

Bakloav, Hem ax, continued. 

marched to Ticonderoi^a ; roll dated Blandford; also, Capt. Aaron Coe's co., Col. 
Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 
1777 ; service, 33 days; marched on an alarm to reinforce Northern army by order 
of Gen. Gates. 

Baiilo-\v, Jksse, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's (2d) CO., which marched on 
the alarm of Ajiril 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; aho. Sergeant, Capt. Swift's co., Col. 
Freeman's regt. ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. 6, 1778, on an alarm ; 
service, 10 days. 

Baklovv, Joel. Chaplain, 4th Mass. brigade ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from May 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, certificate of service dated Boston, 
Sept. 23, 1782. 

Barlow, Joiix. Ensign, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt.; commis- 
sioned May 19, 177."). 

Baklow, John, South Hadley. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778 ; 
Capt. Montague's co.. Col. Forter's regt. ; age, 31 yrs. ; stature, u ft. 8 in.; com- 
plexion, dark ; hair, black ; residence, South Hadley. 

Barlow, Joseph, Rochester. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Rochester ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Faterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Ijy the town of Rochester for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 3, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 1, 1780; service, 5 mos. 10 days. 

Barlow, Joseph. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt. ; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at AVest Point; 
enlistment, 3 months ; also, receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Hardwick 
to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 months, dated Hardwick, May 
1, 1781. 

Barlow, Lemuel. Private, Capt. William Francis's co.. Col. John Ashley's regt.; 
enlisted July 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 13, 1777 ; service, 23 days. 

Barlow, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Josiah Yale's co. ; enlisted Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged 
Oct. 20, 1781; service, 12 days; company marched on an alarm from Lee and 
Lenox to Stillwater by order of Gen. Rossiter. 

Barlow, Levi. Sergeant, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted July 8, 1775 ; roll made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, G mos. 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barlow, Levi. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 8 
days, in Sept., 1779; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Barlow, Livy, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's (2d) co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Barlow, Moses, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's co. ; return for bounty 
allowed for service on a secret expedition to Rhode Island in Oct., 1777; also, 
Capt. Swift's CO., Col. Freeman's regt.; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth 
Sept. 6, 1778, on an alarm ; service, 10 days. 

Barlow, Moses. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards; marched April 7, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at Cambridge; en- 
listment, 3 months, from April 2, 1778. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 627 

Barlow, Moses, Sandwich. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 yrs. ; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; residence. Sandwich ; arrived at Springfield July 
19, 1780; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of Capt. Clark; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2"), 1780; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Sandwich for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 11, 1780; discharged Dec. 11, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 14 days. 

Baelow, Nathan. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; 
arrived at camp June 23, 1778, 7 days after enlistment; discharged Feb. 2, 1779; 
service, 7 mos. 28 days, at North River; enlistment, 8 mouths; a^so, order for 
wages dated Camp at Continental Village, Feb. 1, 1779. 

Barlow, Nathaxikl. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
"Lord Sandwich," and landed at Bristol March 7, 177S. 

Barlow, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Anthony Post's co. of Artillery artificers. Gen. 
Henrj' Knox's brigade; pay roll for April, 1778. 

Barlow, Oked, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's (2d) co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177-t ; service, 3 days. 

Barlow, Oked, Rochester (probaljly). Private, Capt. Earl Clap's co.,Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; 
also, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; service, 15 
days [probably in Dec, 1776] ; marched from Rochester to Rhode Island on an 
alarm; also, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Cotton's regt.. Gen. Palmer's bri- 
gade; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a secret expedition, Sept. 29, 1777; service, 
32 days; also, Capt. Hammond's co., Lieut. Col. White's (4th Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 9 days, at Rhode 
Island. Roll dated Rochester. 

Barlow, Peleg. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
May 20, 1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 23 days, at Peekskill; 
enlistment, 8 months; also, order for wages dated Lee, Sept. 6, 1779. 

Barlow, Reuben. Private, Capt. Stephen Churchill's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; enlisted March 9, 1781; discharged March 31, 1781; service, 23 days, at 
Newport, R. I., by order of the Governor on an alarm. 

Barlow, Samuel, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Job WoodVjridge's co., Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 
14 days, iinder Maj. Caleb Hyde; marched from Stockbridge on the evacuation 
of Ticonderoga. 

Barlow, Seth. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.. 
Gen. Palmer's brigade; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a secret expedition, Sept. 
29, 1777; service, 32 days; also, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co., Lieut. Col. 
White's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 
1780 ; service, 9 days ; roll sworn to at Rochester ; also, Capt. Stephen Churchill's 
CO., Col. Cotton's regt. ; enlisted March 9, 1781 ; discharged March 31, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 23 days, at Newport, R. I., by order of the Governor on an alarm. 

Barlow, Willard. Sergeant, Capt. Moor's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 30, 1780; reported 
discharged. 

Barlow, William, Rochester (probably). Private, Capt. Earl Clap's co.. Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 
days. 



628 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bau.m, Bknjamin, Dracut. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated Jan., 
1781; Capt. AVade's cc, 8th regt. ; enlisted Feb. "), 1780, liy Capt. Pierce; rank, 
Sergeant; enlistment, during war. [See Benjamin Barron.] 

Barmlicom, Thomas. Capt. John Wiley's co., Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 1.3, 177."). 

Bakmokk, Johx. Seaman, ship "Alfred," commanded liy Cajit. John Paul .Tones; list 
of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig "Active" [year 
not given] . 

B.\RN", Benjamin, Marblehead. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Jonathan Glover's (.')th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Barn, Giles. Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., Col. John Paterson's regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Barn, Henut. Seaman, ship " General Mifflin," commanded by Capt. George M. Bab- 
coclv ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 9, 1780; age, 29 yrs. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Massachusetts. 

Barn, John. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, 
dated Boston, Oct. 12, 1777; Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Henley's regt. 

Barn, ZACciiiors, Plymouth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
liy Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barnaba, Fortune, Freetown. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hatha- 
way's regt. ; service, 20 days, subsequent to .\pril 23, 1777 ; company marched 
from Dighton to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm. 

Barnaka, Jack, Freetown. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
regt.; service. 20 days, subsequent to Ajjril 23, 1777; company marched from 
Dighton to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm. 

Barnaha, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Seth Talbot's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
enlisted March 15, 1779; discharged April 15, 1779; service, 30 days, at Fall 
River and Little Compton, R. I. 

Barnabas, . [This name also appears under the form of Barnibus.] 

Barnabas, Isaac, Nantucket (also given Sandwich and Edgartown). Return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Josiali Packard's co., Plymouth Co. 
regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778 ; residence, Nantucket ; enlisted for town of Bridgewater ; 
joined Capt. Porter's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment to expire in 1780 ; 
also, 3d CO., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from May 21, 1777, to Dec. 29, 1777; residence, Edgartown; reported died 
Dec. 29, 1777; also, Capt. Benjamin Warren's co., (late) Col. Alden's regt.; 
return of men in camp before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Babnabas, Isaac, Natick. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Asa Rice's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated Shrewsl)ury, Dec. 15, 1777; resi- 
dence, Natick ; enlisted for town of Shrewsliury ; joined Capt. Morse's co.. Col. 
Putnam's regt.; enlistment, during war; reported mustered l)y Thomas Newhall, 
June 21, 1777 ; also, Private, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Rnfus Putnam's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from June 10, 1777, to Sept. 20, 1777; 
reported transferred Sept. 20, 1777. 

Barnabv. . [Tills name also appears under the form of Barnaba, Barneby.] 

Barnaby, Ambrose, Freetown. Private, Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. John 
Hathaway's regt.; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 4 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 629 

Bakxahy, Ambrose. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Taunton to serve 
in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Taunton, June 28, 1781. 

Baknaky, Nathan, Freetown. Private, Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. John 
Ilathaway's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; discliarged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 4 
days, on an alarm at Riiodc Island; also, Capt. Briglitnian's co.. Col. James 
Dean's regt. ; enlisted March 8, 1781 ; discharged March 14, 1781 ; service, G days ; 
company detached from towns of Freetown, Berkle}' and Dighton for the term of 
40 days unless sooner discharged. 

B.\RXABY, Samuel, Freetown. Private, Capt. Henry Brightman's co.. Col. John 
Hathaway's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 4 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barxam, Elijah, Dan vers. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Essex 
Co. [year not given] . 

Barxam, Josiah. Order for cartridge boxes to be delivered to Capt. James Mellen of 
Col. Ward's regt., dated Camp at Cambridge, June 18, 1775. 

Barxam, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., commanded by Lieut. William 
AVhite, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; dis- 
charged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn.; also, Capt. 
Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; marched on an alarm at Berkshire 
Oct. 13, 1780 ; service, 6 days. 

Barnaxrd, Joxathax. Capt. Abner Cranston's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Prospect Hill, 
Nov. 2, 1775. 

B.\RXARD, . [This name also appears under the form of Barnards, Barnanrd, 

Barned, Barnerd, Barnet, Barnod, Barnord, Barnords, Barrett, Bernard, Bernerd, 
Bernet, Bernett, Burnham, Burnords.] 

Barxard, Alexander, Richmond. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to Act of 
1780; Capt. Bacon's co., Col. Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 17 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, tailor; residence, 
Richmond ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barxard, Bexjamin. Steward, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
Souther ; engaged Aug. 13, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 21, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 8 days ; 
reported entitled to two shares of prize monej-. 

Barnard, Bexjamin, Westminstei'. Private, Capt. Noah Miles's co., Col. John Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 11.^ days ; also. Corporal, Capt. .John White's CO., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; 
enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at and 
about Boston. 

Barnard, Bexjamix, Harvard. Private, Capt. Isaac Gates's (4th) co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
returned home April 26, 1775; service, 8^ days; a/so, receipt for mileage from 
Harvard to Danbury dated Harvard, Dec. 17, 1776 [name crossed out on roll] ; 
also, Capt. Samuel Hill's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; marched on an alarm 
at Bennington Aug. 19, 1777 ; roll made up to Aug. 25, 1777 ; service, 6 days ; 
also, Capt. Hill's co.. Col. Whitney's regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Ephraim 
Sawyer ; marched Oct. 2, 1777 ; roll made up to Oct. 26, 1777 ; service, 24 days, 
with Northern army. 

Barnard, Christopher, Lanesborough. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to 
Act of 1780; Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 17 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; hair, brown; occupation, brick- 
maker; residence, Lanesborough; enlistment, 3 years. 



630 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS A\I) SAILORS 



Barnaud, CiREiF.R. Private, Capt. Samuel Iluse's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; eulisted April 3, 1778; discharged July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days; 
also, muster roll dated Winter Hill, May 11, 1778; also, pay roll for service from 
July 2 to July 12, 1778, 10 days. 

Barnarii. Daxikl, Aniesbury. Private, Capt. Joshua French's co., Lieut. Col. Com- 
mandant Enoch Putnam's regt.; enlisted Sept. 9, 1781 ; discliarged Dec. 8, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. 12 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised in Essex and 
Plymouth counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barnard, Daviii, Amesbury. Private, Capt. John Currier's co.. Col. Isaac Merriell's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Barnaud, David, Acton. Private, Capt. Jesse AVyman's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; arrived at Rhode Island May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 10, 1777, at Point 
Judith; service, 2 mos. 9 days; «/.w, list of men detached from Col. Brooks's 
reirt. to relieve guards at Cambridge [year not given] ; service in company com- 
manded by Lieut. Heald, Jr., of Acton. 

Barnard, David. Corporal, Capt. Oliver Titcoml)'s co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 10, 1777; service, 2 mos. 22 days; roll dated Winter Hill, 
Feb. 10, 1778 ; also, pay roll for 9 days service between Feb. 3 and April 2, 1778, 
guarding prisoners after the surrender of Gen. Burgoyne's army, dated Winter 
Hill. 

Barnard, David. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co.. Col. Jonathan Heed's regt. 
of guards ; enlisted April 2, 1778 ; roll made up to July 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, muster roll for April-June, 1778 ; 
reported sick and absent. 

Barnard, David. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company detached to join Continental Army at Claverack. 
Roll dated Wol)urn. 

Barnard, David, Shelburne. Private, Capt. James Walsworth's co.. Col. Elisha Por- 
ter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 11 days, at New London, Conn. ; also, list of men mustered for ser- 
vice at Claverack, sworn to Aug. 3, 1780; Capt. John Wells's co. ; age, 29 yrs. ; 
stature, ") ft. G in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Shellnirne ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
list returned by Lieut. Col. David Wells; also, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. 
S. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 7 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Barnard, Ebexkzek, Sunderland. Coriwral, Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co.. Col. 
Ruggles Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser- 
vice, 14 days. 

Barnard, Edmund, Amesl)ury. Private, Capt. John Currier's co.. Col. Isaac Mer- 
riell's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, 
Capt. Currier's co., Col. James Frye's regt.; return for equipments dated Cam- 
bridge, June 19, 1775; also, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 
1775; also, order for Ijounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Caml)ridge, 
Nov. 16, 1775; also, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwcll's CO., Col. Edward Wiggleswortli's 
regt.; pay abstract for mileage from A11)any home, dated Dec, 1776. 

Barnard, Ei.isha, Slielburne. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeaV)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, SIiell)urne ; arrived at Spring- 
field June 29, 1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Joseph Miller; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 631 



Barnard, Elisha, continued. 

Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totowaj', 
Oct. 2.J, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Shelburne 
for service in the Continental Arnij- during 1780 ; marched June 29, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 6 mos. 12 days. 

Barnard, Ephraim, Harvard. Private, Capt. Isaac Gates's (4th) co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
returned home Apnl 27, 1775; service, 9^ days; also, Capt. llezekiah Whitney's 
CO., Col. Josiah Wliitney's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 
22, 1777; service, 2 days; also, Corjwral, Capt. Samuel Hill's co., Col. Whitney's 
regt. ; inarched on an alarm at Bennington Aug. 19, 1777 ; roll made up to Aug. 
25, 1777; servica, 6 days. 

B.ARNARD, EzEKiEL, Auicsbury. Private, Capt. Richard Titcomb's co., Col. Nathaniel 
AVade's (Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted July (i, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 18 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army; also, Capt. Joshua French's co., Lieut. Col. Commandant Enoch 
Putnam's regt.; enlisted Sept. 9, 1781; discharged Dec. 8, 1781; service, 3 mos. 
12 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised in Essex and Plymouth counties 
to reinforce Continental Armj'. 

Barnard, Francis. Private, Capt. Zaccheus Crocker's co., Col. Wright's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 12, 1777 ; discharged July 29, 1777 ; service, 24 days ; 
company raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Barnard, Isaac. Order for wages for 1 mo. service, drawn on Maj. Thomas Poor, 
dated Andover, July 7, 1775. 

Barnard, Isaac, Amesbury. Capt. John Currier's co., Col. James Frye's regt.; 
return for equipments dated Cambridge, June 19, 1775 ; also, receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also, Sergeant; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cam- 
bridge, Nov. 16, 1775. 

Barnard, Israel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co., Lieut. Col. S. Williams's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 20, 1776 ; discharged March 20, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days. 
Roll dated Morristown. 

Barnard, Israel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co., Col. Dickinson's regt., com- 
manded by Maj. Jonathan Clapp ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; service, 39 days ; marched 
on an alarm at Ticonderoga. 

Barnard, Israel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., 2d Hampshire Co. regt. ; pay 
roll for service from June 15 to June 17, 1782, 3 days, at Northampton, l>y order 
of Elisha Porter, Sheriff. 

Barnard, Jacob, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 6 da3's. 

Barnard, Jacob, Andover. Private, Capt. Thomas Poor's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported 
enlisted Jan. 31, 1775; also, Capt. Benjamin Farnura's co.. Col. Fr_ve"s regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, Aug., 1775; also, company return 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, list of men who received money from the 
public treasury for losses at the battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; warrant 
allowed in Council, June 13, 1776 ; also, Capt. John Adams's co.. Col. Samuel John- 
son's regt., commanded by Maj. Gage; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 
6, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army ; also. Cor- 
poral, Capt. John Robinson's co., Col. William Turner's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 11, 
1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 3 mos. 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; company raised in Essex Co. for 5 mos. service. 



632 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barnard, James, Andover. Private, Capt. Joshua Holt's co., wliicli marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, lij da.vs. 

Barnard, James, Machias. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Nathaniel Healer's ('2d Dudley) co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's reirt., dated Dud- 
ley, Jan. 13, 1778; residence, Machias; enlisted for town of Dudley; joined Capt. 
Allen's CO., Col. Alden's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Barnard, Jeremiah. Chaplain, 2d regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commis- 
sioned Aug. 13, 1776; regiment raised to reinforce armj- at Ticonderoga under 
Gen. Schuyler. 

Barnard, Jekemiah, Pearsontown. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from his home to Bennington, 
dated Boston, Jan. G, 1777. [See Jeremiah Burnham.] 

Barnard, Jethro. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; service from Oct. 13 to Oct. '22, 1780, 9 days, on an alarm 
at Castleton ; reported marched by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Barnard, Joel, Marlborough. Private, Cai)t. Cyprian How's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 5 days. 

Barnard, John. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Page's co., Col. Willys's regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Feb. '23, 1776. 

Barnard, John, Bolton. Private, Caj)!. Artemas How's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16 days ; alao, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co.. Col. 
Thomas Marshall's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Hull, June 15, 1776; also, 
pay rolls for service from June 8, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 25 days. 

Barnard, John. Cabin boy, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded bj- Capt. Daniel 
Souther; engaged Aug. 16, 1776; discharged Dec. 21, 1776; service, 4 mos. .') daj's ; 
also, Cooper, brigantine "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged Dec. 24, 1778; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 26 days; roll 
dated Boston; also, Steward, brigantine "Hazard," commanded l)y Capt. Wil- 
liams; nationality, American; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; engaged May 4, 1779; roll 
made up to Sept. 6, 1779; service, 4 mos. 3 days. 

Barnard, John. Private, Capt. John Davis's co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 25, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days, fortify- 
ing posts in and about Boston. 

Barnard, John, Norwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
John Kirkland's co. previous to May 17, 1777 ; joined Cai)t. Wheeler's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 3 j'ears; also, Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas 
Nixon's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to 
April 1, 1779; reported discharged April 1, 1779, and hired a man to take his 
place; a^so, Cai)t. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; return of men in 
service on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Soldier's Fortune, Feb. 15, 1779. 

Barnard, John, ]3olton. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. by Thomas Newliall, 
Muster Master; Capt. Moor's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; mustered July 22, 1779; 
enlistment, 9 months ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted in 1779 ; Capt. Moore's 
CO., Col. Wliitney's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; 
residence, Bolton; also, Capt. Greenleaf's co. ; enlisted Jul}' 25, 1779; discharged 
April 25, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce 
Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; 
age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com])lexion, light ; residence, Bolton ; arrived at 
Springfield July 27, 1780; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under command of 
Cai>t. Storer; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returnetl by 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. (533 

Bakxard, John, continued. 

Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 17S0; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Bolton for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 23, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 8, 1780; service, 4 mos. 27 days. 

Barnard, John. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barnard, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wright's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; 
arrived at camp Sept. 30, 1781 ; discharged Dec. (illegible), 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 
23 days, at Wesi Point. Roll sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Barnard, John, Worcester. List of men drafted from Worcester Co. militia to march 
to Horse Neck under Col. Denny [year not given] ; drafted into Capt. Ebenezer 
Lovell's CO., but failed to join regiment. 

Barnard, John, " Clina Kill." Descriptive list of men enlisted agreeable to Act of 1780 ; 
Lieut. Person's co., Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 
ft. 7 in.; complexion, light ; hair, brown; occupation, laborer; residence, Clina 
Kill; enlisted for town of Great Barrington; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 
Capt. Peter Clayes's (later Capt. J. K. Smith's) 3d co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(later Nixon's) 6th regt. ; return for wages for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; time allowed 
from Feb. 26, 1781 ; reported " no date of enlistment ; " also, Capt. Smith's co., 
Lieut. Col. Smith's regt.; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported 
sick in hospital in June and July, 1782 ; absent Aug. and Sept., 1782. 

Barnard, John, Jr. Private, Capt. John Adams's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., 
commanded by Maj. Gage; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Barnard, John, Jr., Bolton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. David Nurse's co., Col. Whitney's regt., dated Jan. 2, 1778; joined Capt. 
Daniel Barns's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, 
Private, Light Infantry co., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from April 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll dated Van 
Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; reported on command at the Laboratory; also, 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; also, Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 15, 1780; also, receipt for 
bounty paid him by James Goddard for the town of Bolton to serve in the Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 3 years, dated June 4, 1781. 

Barnard, Jonas, Jr., Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co., Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser%ice, 3 days; 
also, Capt. Isaac Gray's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 1 mo. 23 days; also, Sergeant; com- 
pany return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported died June 20, 1775. 

Barnard, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Cranson's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; receipt 
for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill. 

Barnard, Jonathan, Peterborough (also given Society). Private, Capt. William 
Scott's CO., Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in 
response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 23, 1775; service, 3 mos. 16 days. 

Barnard, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards ; enlisted Nov. 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 22 days ; roll dated Winter Hill ; 
also, pay roll for 7 days service between Feb. 3 and April 2, 1778, guarding 
prisoners after the surrender of Gen. Burgoyne's army, dated Winter Hill. 



634 ^lASSACIIUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baunaki), Jonathan, Amesl)ury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. ■\Villiam Ballard's co., dated May 29, 1778; joined Capt. Low's co. ; enlist- 
ment, 1 year. 

Barnard, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Elias Pratt's co. ; enlisted April 17, 1779 ; dis- 
charged July 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 14 days, with guards at Rutland. 

Barnard, Jonathan, Lancaster. List of men raised for the C months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, payroll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Lancaster for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 12, 
1780; discharged Dec. 29, 1780; service, 5 mos. 17 days, at West Point; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Thurston's co., Col. AVhitney's regt. ; age, 
17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; residence, 
Lancaster; enlisted March 28, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; also, Fifer, Capt. Peter 
Clayes's (later Capt. J. K. Smith's) 3d co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (later 
Nixon's) 6th regt. ; return for wages for Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; time allowed from March 
28, 1781 ; reported reduced to Private July, 1781 ; also. Private, Capt. Smith's co., 
Lieut. Col. Smith's regt. ; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782. 

Barnard, Joseph, "Waltham. Corporal, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and 
Lexington ; service, 3 days. 

Barnard, Joseph, Hardwick. Private, 3d co., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 17, 1777, to March 20, 
1778; reported transferred to corps of invalids; also, Capt. Benjamin "Warren's 
CO., (late) Col. Ichabod Alden's regt. ; return of men in camp before Aug. 15, 
1777; also, muster return dated Albany, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Barnard, Joseph, Hardwick. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 30 3-rs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, fresh ; residence, Hardwick ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 12, 1780; marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Gilbert ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Pratt's co.. Col. Rice's regt. ; 
age, 29 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; resi- 
dence, Hardwick ; enlisted March 27, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barnard, Joseph, Springfield. Corporal, Capt. John Carpenter's co. of guards sta- 
tioned at Springfield ; assembled April 26, 1781 ; roll made up to March 31, 1783 ; 
service, 23 mos. 5 days ; company made up of rejected recruits raised to reinforce 
Continental Army for 3 years; also, return dated Boston, Oct. 19, 1782; reported 
on garrison duty; fl7,so. Private, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; enlisted April 1, 
1783; discharged June 30, 1783; service, 3 mos., at Castle Island; reported one 
of the rejected recruits sent from Springfield for fort duty. 

Barnard, Joseph, Jr. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Dickinson's (1st) co., 5th Hamp- 
shire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia dated Dcerfield, April 22, 1776; 
o^so, list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 3, 1776; also, Capt. 
Amasa Sheldon's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; dis- 
charged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days, in Northern department; also, 
petition dated Deerfield, June 1, 1780, signed by said Barnard, asking that his 
resignation as 2d Lieutenant in 1st co., 5th Hampshire Co. regt., be accepted; 
reason assigned, ill health. 

Barnard, Josiah, "Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirco's co., Col. Samuel 
Thatcher's regt.; service from March 4 to March 8, 1776, 5 days; marched by 
order of Gen. "Washington at time of taking possession of Dorchester Heights ; also, 
Capt. Calel) Brooks's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, 
etc., dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776; also, Lieut. Joseph Crafts's co. ; enlisted Dec. 
9, 1776; service, 5 days; marched to join Col. Crafts's regt. at Boston. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 635 

Bahnard, Jotham, Harvard. Private, Capt. James Burt's co., Col. Asa "Whitcoiub's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Barnard, Lemuel. Surgeon, Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; engaged Oct. 24, 1779; 
discharged >'ov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 2 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment 
raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

BARXAKn, Moses. Private, Capt. Reuljen Dickinson's co., Col. Ruggles M'oodbridge's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, in 1776. 

Barnard, Moses. Private, Capt. Reuben Petty's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 19, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Barnard, Moses, Lancaster. Surgeon's Mate to Dr. Dinsmore, Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; examined and approved by a committee July 7, 1775; also, payroll for 
2 mos. 14 days service from May 22, 1775; also, Capt. Fuller's co., Col. M'hit- 
comb's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; receipts for wages for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated 
Prospect Hill; also. Surgeon, sloop "Republic," commanded by Capt. Jolin F. 
Williams ; engaged Aug. 20, 1776 ; discharged at Boston, Nov. 18, 1776 ; service, 
2 mos. 28 days. 

Barnard, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted July 6, 1775 ; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 11 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barnard, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb'sregt. ; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 11, 1776. 

Barnard, Richard, Boston. Private, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co., Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 30, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 6 days ; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order 
for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775 ; 
also, Capt. Trescott's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at 
Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported re-engaged Nov. 19, 
1776, in Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Paterson's regt., but to serve in Col. WhitcomI)'s 
regt. until Dec. 31, 1776; mustered by Maj. John Fraizer and ordered by Brig. 
Gen. Trumbull to join Col. Paterson's regt. ; also, list of men mustered in Suflfolk 
Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Boston, Jan. 19, 1777 ; Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's 
CO., Col. John Patterson's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also. Corporal, Capt. Cush- 
ing's CO., Col. Joseph Vose's (14th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1,1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1779, 
dated Providence; also. Sergeant, Capt. Cushing's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. 
Yose's (1st) regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; statm-e, 5 ft. 6 in.; muster rolls for Jan.-Nov., 
1781, dated Garrison at West Point; enlisted Nov. 18, 1776, bv Capt. Cushing at 
Ticonderoga; enlistment, during war; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated 
Hutts; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782. 

Barnard, Richard, Pittsfield. 1st Mass. regt. ; list of men who served 3 years [date 
not given] . 

Barnard, Richard. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d Plym- 
outh Co. regt. [year not given] ; enlisted for town of Marshfield (also given 
Hanover) ; joined Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; enlistment, during war; 
reported a transient. 

Barnard, Richard, Worcester. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, 
Feb. 20, 1780; 2d co., 10th regt.; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, 
black; hair, black; residence, Worcester; enlistment, during war; also, list of 
deserters, dated West Point, June 23, 1780; Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt.; 
age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; residence, 
Worcester; list returned by Maj. Nathaniel Winslow; also. Private, Col. Benja- 
min Tapper's (10th) regt.; enlisted March 20, 1781 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1782; 



636 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Barnard, Richard, continued. 

service, 8 mos. 3 days; reported deserted Nov. 22, 1781 (also given July 6, 1780) ; 
also, i)ay roll for 7 mos. 9 days service from May 2.3, 1782; reported returned 
from desertion in 1782. 

Barnard, Robeut. List of men with an account of their equipments [year not given]. 

Barnard, Sasi, Stow. Corporal, Capt. William Whitcomb's co., Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Barnard, Sam. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., 2d Hampshire Co. regt. ; service 
from June 15 to June 17, 1782, 3 days, at Northampton by order of Elisha Porter, 
Sherilf. 

Barnard, S.vmuel, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbuly (East Parish) ; service, 10 days; 
also, Capt. Eliphalet Bodwell's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; pay 
abstract for mileage from Albany home, dated Dec, 1776. 

Barnard, Samuel, Watertown. Captain of a company in Col. Thomas Gardner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; also, 1st 
Major, Col. Samuel Thatcher's (1st Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned Feb. 7, 1776; also, pay roll for service from March 4 to 
March 9, 1776, 5 days, at Roximry, at the taking of Dorchester Heights; also, 
list of officers dated Watertown, April 26, 1776. 

Barnard, Samvel, Salisbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army frojn 
Capt. Benjamin Evans's co., dated Feb. 28, 1778; joined Capt. Low's co.. Col. 
Kosciusko's regt. ; enlistment, 1 j'ear. 

Barnard, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Elias Pratt's co. ; enlisted April 9, 1779; dis- 
charged July 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 22 days, with guards at Rutland. 

Barnard, Samuel. Private, Capt. James Walsworth's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27,1779; service, 
1 mo. 11 days, at New London, Conn. 

Barnard, Samuel. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt.; marched Sept. 13, 1779; discharged Nov. IG, 1779; service, 2 
mos. 7 days ; also, pay roll sworn to at Bolton, Dec. 23, 1779. 

Barnard, Samuel, Bernardston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. 
for tlie term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 7, 1778; 
Capt. Sheldon's co., Col. "Welles's regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; com- 
plexion, dark ; residence, Bernardston ; also, list of men raised agreeable to resolve 
of April 20, 1778, dated Fort Arnold, July 10, 1778; also, Private, Capt. Jacob 
Wales's CO., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, 
dated West Point ; enlisted July 7, 1778 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to 
reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 
5, 1780; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Bernard- 
ston; arrived at Springfield July 5, 1780; marched to camp July 5, 1780, under 
command of Capt. Frothingham of the artillery ; also, list of men raised for the 
6 months service and returned l)y Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, 
in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, \)ay roll for 6 months men 
raised by the town of Bernardston for service in the Continental Army during 
1780; marched July 1, 1780; discharged Dec. 30, 1780; service, 6 mos. 

Barnard, Samuel. List of men returned by Capt. Cranston [year not given]. 

Barnard, Samuel, Jr., Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co., Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 6 days. 

Barnakii, Silas. Capt. Gates's co. ; receipt for mileage, etc., from Albany home, 
dated Marllwrough, March 14, 1777. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 637 

Barnaei), Silas. Receipt for wages to May 10, 1783, for service on frigate " Hague," 
commanded by Capt. J. Manley. 

Barnard, Thomas, Amesbury. Corporal, Capt. JoJm Currier's co., Col. Isaac Mer- 
riell's regt., -which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177."); service, 7 days; also, 
Cai)t. Currier's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. IG, 1775. 

Barnard, Thomas. Petition dated Boston, March 11, 1782, signed by Sears and Smith, 
aslving that said Barnard be commissioned as commander of the schooner " Pop- 
pet " (privateer); ordered in Council, March 11, 1782, that a commission be 
issued. 

Barnard, Timothy", Amesbury. Captain of a company which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish); service, 10.^ days; also, Col. 
Moses Little's (Essex Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
24, 1775; service, 14 weeks 1 day; reported commissioned June 27, 1775; also, 
company return dated Oct. 9, 1775; age, 35 yrs. ; reported enlisted June 1, 1775. 

Barnard, Tristram. Petition dated Feb. 12, 1782, signed by Benjamin Jepson, ask- 
ing that said Barnard be commissioned as commander of the l)rig "Queen of 
Spain " (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Feb. 12, 1782, that a commission l)e 
issued. 

Barnard, William. Corporal, Capt. Robert Cutting's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; aischarged Sept. 10, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
13 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barnard, "William, Newton. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel 
Barber, dated Boston, May 11, 1777; Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; en- 
listment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to Sept. 28, 1777 ; 
reported deserted. 

Barnards, Richard, Worcester. Private, 2d co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Dec. 9, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Barxat, John, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co., Col. James Barrett's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Barne, Benjamin, Ashtield. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co.. Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 
27 days; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Elisha 
Cranson's co , 5th Hampshire Co. regt., dated April 2, 1779; joined Capt. Samuel 
Bartlett's co., Col. James Wesson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or dm-ing war. 

Barne, Christopher. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., commanded by Lieut. AVil- 
liam White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; 
discharged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Barnea, Frederick. Certificate dated Sept. 11, 1781, signed by selectmen of Bland- 
ford; reported enlisted for 3 years, agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780. 

Barnea, Rvfus. Ensign ; receipt for wages for the year 1776, given to Capt. Oliver 
Soper, dated New York. 

Barnebt, Isaac. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lawrence's co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; 
service, 1 mo., in 1777 ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Barned, Jonathan, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Thomas Fish's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1779; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1780; service, 5 mos. 4 days, 
at Rhode Island. 



638 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barxed, Joseph, Hardwick. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah Lock's (3d) co., Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) rent., dated 
Feb., 1778; joined Capt. Warren's co.. Col. Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barnee, Benjamin-, Ashfield. Private, Capt. Webber's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Wes- 
son's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 28, 1777, to 
Sept. 6, 1779; reported deserted but returned July, 1780; also, Capt. Samuel Bart- 
lett's CO., Col. Wesson's regt. ; return of men in service prior to Aug. 15, 1777. 

Barnerd, Castii.ious, Sandwich (also given Falmouth). Private, Capt. Means's co., 
Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Felt. 15, 1777, 
to June 1, 1778; reported died June 1, 1778; also, Capt. John Chadwick's co., 
Col. Sprout's regt. ; list of men dated March 4, 1777. 

Barnerd, Israel. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 20, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 27, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 12 
days, at New London, Conn. 

Barnerd, John P., Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Obadiah Beals's co., dated Cohasset, Feb. 16, 1778; residence, Boston; enlisted 
for town of Cohasset; joined Capt. Langdon's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Barnerd, Jonas, Jr., AVatertown. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Gray's co., Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; certificate of service in support of an order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 13, 1775; reported deceased. 

Barnerd, Samvel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Goodale's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 24, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 4, 1777 ; service, 17 days ; marched to join 
Northern army. 

Barnes, . [This name also appears under the form of Banns, Barm, Barn, Barns, 

Barron, Beams, I3orns, Boruss, Burns.] 

Barnes, . Captain, Infantry co., 6th Mass. regt.; return for clothing for Sept., 

1779. 

Barnes, Aaron. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. David Cobb's 
(5th) regt.; muster roll for Feb., 1783; l)alance of term of enlistment, 2 years 
6 months, 5 days; reported serving in place of Amos Attood. 

Barnes, Abel, Pembroke (West Parish). Private, Capt. James Hatch's co. ; marched 
to Weymouth and Braintree March 4, 1776, on an alarm ; discharged March 8, 
1776; service, 5 days. 

Barnes, Aura ham, Wells (also given Sanford). Private, Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co., 
which marched xVpril 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of Ajjrii 19, 1775; service, 
5 days; also, Capt. Samuel Sayers's co.. Col. James Scammon's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days. 

Barnes, Asa, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; en- 
listed Dec. 4, 1775. 

Barnes, Asa. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co., Col. Symonds's regt. ; marched 
from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 6 days ; 
also, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; service from Oct. 20 to 
Oct. 22, 1780, 2 days, on an alarm at the Westward. 

Barnes, Asa. Private, Capt. Enocli Noble's co. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1780; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1780 ; service, 16 days ; marched to Bennington on an alarm. Roll sworn 
to in Sheffield. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 639 

Barnes, Benjamin, Pembroke (West Parish). Private, Capt. Josiah Cushing's co., 
Col. John Cushini!:'s (Plymouth Co.) rcgt.; inarched Dec. 10, 1776; discharfred 
Dec. 24, 1776; service, 15 days; marched to Bristol, 11. I., on the alarm of Dec. 
8, 1776. 

Barnes, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ichabod Bonney's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
reijt. ; marched Oct. 26, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 11, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at 
Castle Island. 

Barnes, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; 
roll dated Woburn ; also, Capt. Silas Walker's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted Dec. 20, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 1780; service, 1 mo. 
10 da.ys, at Boston ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barnes, Benjamin, Jr., Ilingham. Private, Capt. Isaiah Cushing's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; 
also, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; service, 4 
mos. 22 days, at Hingliam. 

Barnes, Bradford, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 
7 days. 

Barnes, Canterbury, Hingham. Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men 
in service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 17 yrs. 

Barnes, Charles, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 12, 1775; service, 2 weeks 
5 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 19 yrs. ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775; also, Capt. Gideon 
Parker's co.. Col. Little's regt. ; company return; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Barnes, Comfort, Becket. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Becket 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Sept. 1, 1780; dis- 
charged March 1, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 6 days. 

Barnes, Corbin. Captain, brigantine " Nantes " [year not given] . 

Barnes, Corbin, Jr. Boy, brigantine " Nantes," commanded by Capt. Corbin Barnes 
[year not given] . 

Barnes, Cromwell, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft.; complexion, negro; residence, Boston; arrived at Springfield July 
2, 1780; marched to camp July 3, 1780, under command of Lieut. Daniel Frye of 
the artificers; reported enlisted from Capt. Marston's co., Col. Edward Procter's 
(Boston) regt. 

Barnes, Daniel, Marlborough. Captain, Gen. Artemas Ward's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; 
list of officers; commissioned May 25, 1775; also, return of officers for 2 days 
rations dated Roxbury, July 28, 1775 ; also, return of officers for 2 days rations 
dated Dorchester, Aug. 3, 1775; also. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barnes, Daniel, Brookfield. Sergeant, Capt. Harwood's co.. Col. Learned's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 
days. 

Barnes, Daniel. List of men who went on a secret expedition under Capt. Blake for 
1 month in Sept., 1777. 

Barnes, Daniel. List of men who went to Fall River for 10 days service under Capt. 
Hoskins, dated May 31, 1778. 



640 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barnes, David. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co., Col. Anthony Thomas's regt. ; 
marched from Scituate Marcli 24, 1776, to Hinghani on an alarm after the taking 
of Dorchester Heights ; service, 5 days. 

Barnes, David. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; en- 
listed Feb. 22, 1777 ; discharged April 8, 1777 ; service, 45 days, at Mount Inde- 
pendence. 

Barnes, David. Sergeant, Capt. Josiah White's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
marched Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 5 days; marched to 
Hadley under Lieut. Col. Benjamin Flagg on an alarm at the Northward. Roll 
dated Spencer. 

Barnes, David. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos. 1 day. 

Barnes, Edward, Marlborough. 1st Major, Gen. Artemas Ward's (Worcester Co.) 
regt. ; list of officers ; commissioned May 25, 1775 ; also, Lieutenant Colonel, Col. 
Jonathan Ward's (32d) regt.; company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, Col. Ezekiel How's (4th Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned May 10, 1776 ; reported declined appointment. 

Barnes, Elias, Concord. Private, Col. Elisha Sheldon's (2d) regt. of light dragoons; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, return made up to April 22, 1779, dated Durham ; also, return made up to 
June 18, 1779, dated Fishkill ; enlistment, during war. 

Barnes, Elijah. Private, Capt. Joseph Richardson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 12 days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barnes, Elisha, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 4, 1775. 

Barnes, FoRTUNAxrs, Bolton (or Princeton). Sergeant, Capt. James Mirick's co. ; 
enlisted Oct. 1, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 27 days; marched to 
reinforce Gen. Gates at Saratoga. 

Barnes, Francis, Westborough (probal)ly). Corporal, Capt. Brigham's co.. Col. 
Cushing's regt. ; pay abstract for 3 mos. service at New York [j^ear not given]. 

Barnes, Giles, East Hoosac. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., which marched April 
22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Williamstown ; service, 
14 days; a/so, Capt. Sloan's co., Col. Patterson's regt. ; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775]. 

Barnes, Hezekiah, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co., Col. Ben- 
jamin Symonds's regt. ; marched from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 
■1777; service, 6 days ; also, Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 26, 1780 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at the Northward. 

Barnes, James, Pelham. Private, Capt. Isaac Gray's co.. Col. .Jonathan Brewer's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1 , 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; 
also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; reported went to Quebec 
Sept. 1, 1775. 

Barnes, James. Col. Baldwin's regt. ; list of men not in the Continental service en- 
listed by Capt. Tliomas Mighill for the year 1776, dated York, June 28, 1776; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Barnes, James, Amherst. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co.. Col. Ruggles Wood- 
l«idge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga in 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 641 

Barxes, James, Europe. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777; Capt. Tuckerman's co.. Brig. Gen. 
Paterson's regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Mills's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Arm3' pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Al)raham Tuckerman's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at 
Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; enlistment, during war; reported prisoner in the 
provost guard; also, muster rolls for Nov., 1778, and Feb., March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; also, Capt. Mills's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel Cushing's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Vose's (1st) regt. ; muster roll for 
Jan., 1782, dated Hutts; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782. 

Barnes, John, Marlbofough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. ; 
age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; e.ves, blue ; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Marlborough ; enlisted April 1, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years; also, Private, Capt. James -Cooper's co.. Col. William Shepard's regt.; 
muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted April o, 1781 ; enlistment, 
3 years; also, Capt. Lebbeus Drew's co.. Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster roll 
for Aug., 1781 ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; also, 
muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781, and Jan. 
and Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Baexes, Johx, Hingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776; 
service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Plymouth; also, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) 
CO. ; enlisted Feb. 9, 1776; service, 3 mos. 11 days, at Hingham. 

Barxes, John. Capt. Brigham's co.. Col. How's regt. ; list of men drafted from 4th 
Middlesex Co. regt. to reinforce army at the Northward, and who marched Aug. 
20, 1777 ; reported did not march. 

Barxes, Johx, Mt. Desert. Private, Capt. Reuben Dyar's co. ; enlisted May 28, 1777; 
discharged July 24, 1777; service, 1 mo. 26 daj's; company raised between 
Machias and Mt. Desert for expedition to St. Johns, N. S. 

Barxes, Johx. Capt. Sprague's co. ; list of men dated Oct., 1777. 

Barxes, Johx, Wrentham. List of men engaged for the Continental service from Capt. 
Metcalf's (North Wrentham) co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt. 
[year not given] ; joined Capt. Trescott's co.. Col. Henley's regt. ; enlistment, dur- 
ing war ; also. Col. David Henley's regt. ; list of men dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1778. 

Barxes, Johx, York. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for 
the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 31 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, York ; arrived at Springfield July 14, 
1780; marched to camp July 14, 1780, under command of Capt. Hancock. 

Barxes, Johx, Plympton. Private, Capt. Thomas Loring's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 1 day; also, Capt. J. Brad- 
ford's CO., Col. Cotton's regt.; company return dated Oct. 7,. 1775; also, descrip- 
tive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. in 1779 to serve in the Continental 
Army ; age, 31 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Plympton ; 
delivered to Lieut. J. Grace ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
32 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Plympton; arrived at 
Springfield July 9, 1780 ; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay. 

Barnes, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Boston ; arrived at Springfield July 5, 
1780 ; men receipted for by Capt. Lieut. John Callender of the 3d Artillerv battalion. 



642 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barnes, Johx. List of men who received money from the town of Beverly for enlist- 
ing for 3 years or during war, agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780. 

Baknes, John. Private, Capt. Thompson J. Skinner's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Nov. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 10, 1781; service, 10 days, on 
an alarm at the Westward bj' order of Gen. Stark. 

B.\RN'ES, Jonathan, Brookfield. Ensign, Capt. Jedediali Soutliworth's co., Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 21, 1776. 

Barnes, Joseph, New Braintree. Lieutenant, Capt. John Granger's co. of Minute-men, 
Col. Jonathan Warner's regt. ; enlisted April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 weeks 3 days. 

Barnes, Josiah, Concord. Corporal, Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Barnes, Josiah. Private, Capt. John Bnttrick's (Volunteer) co., Col. Reed's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 28, 1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 11 days, at the 
taking of Gen. Burgoyne's army ; companj' detached from Col. Brooks's regt. to 
reinforce army under Gen. Gates at the Northward. 

Barnes, Lemiel, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co.. Col. Cotton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 16 
days. 

Barnes, Lemuel (also given Samvel), Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Moses Ashley's 
CO., Col. Joseph Vose's (14th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Feb. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of AVest Stockbridge; also, 
return of men in service before Aug. 16, 1777 ; reported marched to Peekskill ; 
also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; enlistment, 3 years; 
reported sick at Albany ; also, muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1779, dated Providence ; 
also, Capt. Hancock's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pa}' accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 20, 1780. 

Barnes, Mark. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-Nov., 1777 ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777 ; also, 
muster roll for April, 1778 ; enlistment, during war. 

Barnes, Mark, Winslow. Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. ; list of deserters ; age, 29 
yrs. ; stature. 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, dark; enlistment, during war; deserted 
March 1 (also given March 10), 1777. 

Barnes, Miles. 1st Mate, ship "Deane," commanded by Capt. Elisha Ilinman; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov., 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Massachusetts. 

Barnes, Miles, Marblehead. Sailmaker, Ijrig "Prospect," commanded l)y Capt. 
Joseph Vesey ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 20, 1781 ; age, 21 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5^ in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Marblehead. 

Barnes, Moses, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ithamar Wright's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned home May 1, 1775; service, 15 days. 

Barnes, Moses, Greenwich. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1776 ; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 

Barnes, Moses. Corporal, Capt. John Banister's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at the Northward. 

Barnes, Mosks, Natick (also given Boston). List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777 ; Capt. Morse's 
CO., Col. Putnam's (4th) regt. ; also. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
July 21, 1777; reported died July 21, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 643 

Barnes, Moses. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1780; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1780; service, 16 days; marched to Bennington on an alarm. Roll sworn 
to at Sheffield. 

Barnes, Moses. Captain, oth co., 4th Middlesex Co. regt., commanded by Col. 
Cyprian Howe; return dated Marlborough, Maj' 23, 1779. 

Barnes, Nathan, Brooktield. Private, Capt. Packard's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Barnes, Nathan. Private, 9th Mass. regt. ; list of men who did not receive gratuity 
granted by resolve of Jan. 15, 1781 ; reported discharged. 

Barnes, Nathaniel. ~ Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Washburn's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. ; enlisted Nov. 7, 1777 ; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 26 days, 
with guards at Cambridge; also, Lieutenant; service, 2 days, guarding men from 
the "Somerset" from Plymouth to Hanover; warrant allowed in Council, Sept. 
23, 1779; also, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; enlisted 
July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 2 mos. 28 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Barnes, Nathaniel. Private, 9th Mass. regt. ; list of men who did not receive gratu- 
ity granted by resolve of Jan. 15, 1781. 

Barnes, Noah, Montague. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft. 1 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Montague; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780 ; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Montague 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 9, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 9, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 7 days. 

Barnes, Oliver. Private, Lieut. Seth Rice's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 21, 1777; discharged at Hadley ; service, 7 days; company called out on an 
alarm to reinforce Northern army. Roll dated Northborough. 

Barnes, Robert, Marblehead. Capt. Joel Smith's co.. Col. John Glover's regt. ; re- 
ceipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775 ; also, Corporal ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; ser^•ice, 2 mos. 14 days; also, 
company return [probably Oct. 9, 1775]. 

Barnes, Robert. Seaman, brig " Penet," commanded by Capt. John Harris ; portage 
bill for voyage from Boston to Nantes, France ; engaged Oct. 24, 1777 ; discharged 
Feb. 9, 1778 ; service, 3^ mos. 

Barnes, Roswell. Private, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d Berkshke Co. regt. ; ser- 
vice from Oct. 20 to Oct. 22, 1780, 2 days, on an alarm at the Westward. 

Barnes, Sajiuel. Private, Capt. John Banister's CO., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Nov. 18, 1777; service, 2 mos. 21 days, at the North- 
ward. 

Barnes, Samvel. Private, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 30, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 2 mos. 20 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; 
also, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas Sears's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; 
enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 



644 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barnes, S.vjiuel, Jr. Private, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas 
Sears's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. 2 daj-s ; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

BARN.4.BAS, Silas, Brookfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of .Tune 5, 1780; age, 18 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, light; residence, Brookfield; arrived at Spring- 
field July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Joseph Miller ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Brookfield 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 30, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 10, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 18 days ; also. Private, Capt. John Cutler's 
CO., Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; marched Aug. 27, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. 14 days. 

Bahnes, Solomox. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Thomas's co.. Col. John Lamb's (2d) 
Artillery regt.; muster rolls for Feb. -April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, 
during war; reported furloughed April 28, 1781, by Maj. Banman for 10 days. 

Barnes, Thomas, Upton. Private, Capt. Ezra AVood's co. ; company return dated 
April 19 [probably 1775] . 

Barnes, Thomas, Upton. Sergeant, Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 24, 1775; also. Ensign, Capt. Levi Aldrich's co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 21, 1776. 

Barnes, Thomas, Salem. Private, Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 20, 1777, to Dec. 15, 1777; 
reported deceased; also, return of men in service l)efore Aug. 16, 1777; marched 
to Peekskill ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; reported sick at Albany. 

Barnes, Thomas, Salem. Captain, Col. John Mansfield's (later Hutchinson's) Essex 
Co. regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
2 days; also, companj^ return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 5, 1775; reported commis- 
sioned May 27, 1775; also, 5th co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; receipt dated Camp 
Mt. Washington, Sept. 27, 1776 ; also, return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 
1776, dated North Castle ; also, receipts for wages for Sept.-Dec, 1776 ; also. Major ; 
list of settlements of rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a board 
held for the purpose and confirmed by Congress, Sept. 6, 1779; commissioned 
March 6, 1779 ; also. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army paj- accounts 
for service from Jan. 1 to Jan. 2, 1780; reported cashiered Jan. 2, 1780. 

Barnes, William. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co. ; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776; rolls 
made up for 7 mos. 3 days service at Plymouth. 

Barnes, William, Monson. Private, Capt. Reuben Munn's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; return for travel allowance dated Roxbury, Sept. 17, 1776 ; also, pay ab- 
stract for travel allowance dated Boston, Nov. 26, 1776. 

Barnes, William. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 22, 1777; ser- 
vice, 96 days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Barnes, William. Seaman; list of prisoners returned in exchange for British pris- 
oners In- order of Lord Howe, dated his majesty's ship " Eagle," off New York, 
April 25, 1777; exchanged for Samuel Fotheringham. 

Barnes, William. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service from July 4, 1778, to July 17, 1778, 13 days, at Winter Hill. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 645 

Barnes, William, Roxbury. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
statm-e, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Iloxbury; arrived at Springfield 
July 5, 1780 ; marched to camp July a, 1780, under command of Capt. Frothing- 
ham of the artillery. 

Barnes, William. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 8, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 27 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental ^\jmy. 

Barnes, Zaccheus. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt. ; company detached for a secret expedition to Newport, R. I., Sept. 
25, 1777; discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Barnes, Zaccheus, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co. ; rolls made up for 
8 mos. 18 days service from Feb. 29, 1776, at Plymouth; also, descriptive list of 
men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to 
resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 37 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, ruddy; 
residence, Plj-mouth ; arrived at Spi-ingfield July 17, 1780 ; marched to camp July 
17, 1780, under command of Capt. Abner Howard ; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised hj the town of Plymouth for service in the Continental Army during 
1780; marched July 9, 1780; discharged Dec. 24, 1780; service, 5 mos. 27 days. 

Barnet, Castelo, Sandwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; joined 
Capt. Chadwick's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Barnett, . [This name also appears under the form of Barnard, Bernet, Bernett, 

Burnett.] 

Barnett, Clement. Boy, United States brig " General Gates," commanded by Capt. 
John Skimmer ; list of men entitled to prize shares [j'ear not given] ; entitled 
to one-half share. 

Barnett, Jonathan. Capt. William Scott's co.. Col. Paul D. Sargent's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Boston, Nov. 14, 1775. [See 
Jonathan Barnard.] 

Barnett, Joshua, Oxford. List of men drafted from Worcester Co. militia to go to 
Horse Neck under Col. Converse [year not given] ; drafted into company com- 
manded by Capt. Abijah Lamb of Charlton, but failed to join regiment. 

Barnet, . [This name also appears under the form of Barnay, Barne, Barnea, 

Barnee, Barnney, Barny, Berney, Birney, Bonney, Borny, Brney, Burny.] 

Barney, . Private, Capt. Cushing's co., 1st regt. ; return of men for liquor due 

[year not given] . 

Barney, Aaron. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Sylvanus Martin's (3d) co., Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's (1st Bristol Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
March 28, 1776. 

Barney, Asa. Capt. Oliver Soper's co. ; receipt for wages for Feb. and March, 1776, 
dated New York; also, receipt for rations from Dorchester to New York, dated 
New York, April 29, 1776; also, receipts for wages for May- Aug , 1776. 

Barney-, Asa. Private, Capt. Rufus Barney's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt.; company 
detached for 6 days service at Tiverton, R. I. [probably in 1780] ; service, 4 days; 
also, Capt. Ichabod Leonard's co., Col. Abiel Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) regt., com- 
manded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; inarched 
from Taunton to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; service, 8 days. 



64:6 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baenet, Bexjamix. Capt. Oliver Soper's co. ; receipt for wages for Feb. and March, 
177fi, elated New York ; also, receipt for rations from Dorchester to New York, 
dated New York, April 29, 1776; also, receipts for wages for Maj'-Aug., 1776. 

Barney, Benjamin. Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt. ; order 
for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 25, 1775 ; also, 
Private, Lieut. Col. Mellen's co., Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 25, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, 
during war. 

Barney, Bexjamix, Taunton. Private, Capt. Joshua WilI)ore's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; marched from Taunton to Providence, R. I., on an alarm ; service, 1 
mo. 23 days; roll made up by order of Council of April, 1777; also, Capt. Wil- 
bore's co., Col. Jolm Hathaway's regt. ; service, 23 days, in April, 1777, at Rhode 
Island ; also, Lieut. John Shaw's co. ; service from July 5, 1777, to July 25, 
1777, 22 days, at Slade's Ferry, R. I., by order of Gen. Spencer and Brig. 
Godfrey; also, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days ; marched on a 
secret expedition ; also, Capt. Samuel Fales's co.. Col. J. Daggett's regt. ; service, 
2 mos. 19 daj-s, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company drafted to serve for 3 
months from Jan. 1, 1778, under Gen. Spencer; also, Capt. Nathaniel Snow's co., 
Col. Williams's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted June 22, 1778; service, 23 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island ; marched from Raynham to Taunton and served at 
Providence in Col. Wade's regt. under Gen. Sullivan ; also, Capt. Ichabod Leon- 
ard's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 1 mo. 8 days, in 
July and Aug., 1778, at Rhode Island ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
Oct. 29, 1779; 7th co.. Col. Mitchell's regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; 
complexion, dark; hair, black; eyes, gray; residence, Taunton; enlistment, 9 
months from time of arrival at Springfield; mustered by James Leonard, Muster 
Master; delivered to Capt. L. Bailey; also, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Marshall's 
(10th) regt.; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged April 25, 1780; enlistment, 9 
months; also, Capt. Daniel Drake's co., Col. Luke Drury's (Bristol Co.) regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 10, 1781 ; arrived -at camp Sept. 21, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1781; 
arrived home Dec. 12, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days ; marched to North River. 

B.4.RXEY, Ckarl?:s. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co. of Provincials, which marched 
to Cambridge; return taken to June 5, 1775. 

Barxkv, Chkistiax. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Benjamin Simond's 
regt. ; service from Oct. 12 to Oct. 20, 1780, 8 days ; marched from Lanesborough 
to Manchester. 

Barney, Curistopher. Sergeant, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; ser- 
vice from Dec. 13 to Dec. 16, 1776, 4 days, at Bristol, R. I., on an alarm; also, 
Capt. Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 27, 
1778 ; discharged Sept. 10, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Barney, Christopher. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
regt.; service from Oct. 12 to Oct. 20, 1780,8 days; marched from Lanesborough 
to Manchester; a/.so, receipt for bounty jiaid him l)y Jonathan Pettiljone for the 
town of Lanesborough to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Lanesborough, Jan. 25, 1781; also, Fifer, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co., Col. 
Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted 
Jan. 24, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillips- 
burgh ; also, muster rolls for Julj'-Sept., 1781 ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, dated York Huts; also, muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Ilutts; 
also, muster roll for April, 1782, dated Garrison at West Point. 

Barxey, Daxiel, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 13, 1776; discharged Dec. 19, 1776; service, 7 days, on an alarm at 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 647 

Barney, Daniel, continued. 

Rhode Island ; stationed at Bristol, R. I. ; also, Capt. Peck's co., Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Aug. .3, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 7 days, 
at Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780. 

Barney, Daniel, New Marll)orough. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. "Warner's 
CO., Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 17^ (also given 16) yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 4.^ in. ; complexion, light; hair, light (also given brown) ; occupation, tailor; 
ljirthi)Iace, East Hadley, Conn. ; residence. New Marlborough ; enlisted Feb. 26, 
1781 ; joined Capt. Remick's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; 
also. Private, Capt. Timothy Remick's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll for May, 
1781; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; reported 
on command at West Point; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781; reported on com- 
mand at West Point; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, 
muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, and Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York 
Hutts. 

Barney, David, Richmond. Lieutenant, Capt. Oliver Capron's co., Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 24, 
1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 30, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
9 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barney, Elisha, Taunton. Captain, 10th (Taunton) co., 3d Bristol Co. regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 5 (also given April 13), 1776; also, 
10th CO., Col. George Williams's (3d Bristol Co.) regt. ; marched to Warren, R. I., 
via Rehoboth, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 25 days. 

Barney, Frederick, Deertield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co., 
agreeable to resolve of June 9, 1779; age, 54 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complex- 
ion, dark; residence, Deertield; enlistment, 9 months; delivered to Ensign T. 
Clarke. 

Barney, Frederick, Deertield. Descriptive list of enlisted men returned by Maj. 
David Dickinson, at Deertield, July 24, 1780; 1st or 9th co., 5th Hampshire Co. 
regt. ; age, 45 yrs ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, black ; eyes, blue ; 
residence, Deertield; joined Capt. Isaac Newton's co. ; also, Private, Capt. New- 
ton's CO., Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 19, 1780; service, 
28 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; 
reported deserted. 

Barney, Frederick. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; muster rolls for June-Nov., 1781; enlistment, 3 years; reported on 
command at West Point in June and July, 1781 ; with wagoners Sept., 1781, 
with the Major General in Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Dec, 
1781-Feb., 1782, sworn to at West Point; reported with Wagonmaster General; 
also, list of men court-martialed ; tried April 13, 1782, by general court-martial, 
Maj. Darby, President, on charge of desertion; sentence, 100 lashes; 20 lashes 
remitted; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, May 26, 1782; 
7lh regt. ; age, 58 yrs. 5 mos. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; enlisted for " Glasco ; " enlisted 
May 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported discharged Sept. 15, 1782, on account 
of a rupture, by Gen. Washington. 

Barney, Israel, Swanzey. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. for service in Rhode 
Island by James Leonard, Muster Master, dated Oct. 28, 1779 ; Col. Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlistment to expire April 1, 1780 ; also. Drummer, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., 
Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Barney, Israel. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 
9, 1776; discharged Dec. 17, 1776; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
stationed at Bristol, R. I. 



648 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barney, Jabez, Swanzey. Ensign, Capt. Jonathan Brown's cc, Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's regt. ; account of rations, etc., from date of enlistment, Feb. 20, 1777, to June 
20, 1777, dated Boston ; also, Col. Henry Jackson's rest. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to April 9, 1779; service made up in Col. 
Lee's regt. ; also, certificate of service given by Col. William R. Lee, dated Cam- 
bridge, May 7, 1778 ; also, return of officers in Lieut. Col. Smith's regt., dated Paw- 
tuxet, Sept. 19, 1778 ; also, Lieut. Col. William S. Smith's (late Lee's) regt. ; pay 
abstract for Dec, 1778, dated Providence ; also, pay al>stract for March, 1779, dated 
Pawtuxet ; also. Col. Jackson's (6th) regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Paw- 
tuxet ; reported a supernumerary officer by reason of the union of Cols. Jackson, 
Smith and Henley's regts. ; also, returns dated Providence, July 10 and Nov. 6, 
1779; also. Captain; list of officers from Bristol Co. detached to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 3 months, agreeable to resolve of June 22, 1780; 
commissioned Sept. 21, 1780; also. Col. Mitchel's regt.; enlisted Jul}' 15, 1780; 
discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 19 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
enlistment, 3 months ; also. Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 10 days ; company detached to reinforce 
Continental Army at West Point for the term of 3 months. 

Barney, Jacob, Taunton. Sergeant, Capt. Ichabod Leonard's (6th) co-, Col. George 
Williams's regt. ; marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth, on tlie alarm of Dec. 
8, 1776 ; service, 24 days ; also, Capt. Leonard's co.. Col. John Hathawaj-'s regt. ; 
service, 22 days, in April, 1777; marched from Taunton to Tiverton, R. I., by 
order of Brig. Gen. Godfrey ; also, Capt. Josiah King's co.. Col. Williams's regt. ; 
marched on a secret expedition Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 2 days; also, Capt. Leonard's co., Col. Altiel Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James AVilliams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; 
marched from Taunton to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; service, 
8 days. 

Barney, John, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; return of men in service at Roxbury [probal)!}- 1776] ; also, Capt. Joseph 
Winch's CO., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 
29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 25 days, in Northern department. Roll sworn to in Mid- 
dlesex Co. 

B.4.RNEY, John, Taunton. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co.. Col. George Williams's 
regt.; marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth, on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; 
service, 25 days; also, Capt. Robert Cutting's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Wilbore's co.. Col. Mitchell's 
(Bristol Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. God- 
frey's brigade; inarched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 
8 days; also, Capt. Daniel Drake's co.. Col. Luke Drury's (Bristol Co.) regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 10, 1781 ; arrived in camp Sept. 21, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; 
arrived home Dec. 10, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; marched to North River. 

Barney, Jonathan, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. John Perry's co., wliich marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Perry's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week, 4 days. 

Barney, Jonathan, Rehoboth (also given Swanzey). Private, Capt. Jesse Saunders's 
CO., Col. P. D. Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 
1775; sei-vice, 88 days; also, Capt. Gould's co., Col. Sargent's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Barney, .Ionathax, Taunton. Corporal, Capt. Oliver Soper's co.. Col. Timothy 
Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 6 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 1, 1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 64:9 

Barney, Jonathan, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Shearman's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's (J3ristol Co.) regt. ; service from July 23, 1777, to Aug. 25, 1777, 1 mo. 
4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Barney, Jonathan, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. James Hills's co.. Col. "Williams's regt. ; 
service from Sept. 29, 1777, to Oct. 30, 1777, at Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. Stephen 
Bullock's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1778; 
discharged Sept. 10, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barney, Jonathan, Swanzey (also given Rehoboth) . Corporal, Capt. Peleg Shearman's 
CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; service from July 23, 1777, to 
Aug. 25, 1777, 1 mo. 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Providence, 
R. I. ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by James Leonard, Muster 
Master, subsequent to Sept. 16 [year not given] ; Capt. Jonathan Brown's co., Col. 
Lee's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; residence, Rehoboth ; also. Corporal, 
Light Infantrj' co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts lor service from Aug. 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of 
Rehoboth ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Capt. Joshua Ome's co., Lieut. Col. William 
S. Smith's regt. ; pay roll for Oct., 1778 ; also, 4th co., commanded by Ensign Wil- 
liam Rickard, Col. Jackson's regt.; muster roll dated Providence, July 8, 1779; 
also, Capt. William Scott's (4th Light Infantry) co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster 
roll for April, 1779, dated Garrison at Pawtuxet ; reported on command at New- 
town; a/so, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 7, 1780; also. Sergeant 
(also given Sergeant Major), Capt. Jabez Barney's co., Lieut. Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; marched from Swanzey July 23, 1781 ; joined regiment at West Point Aug. 

7, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days; company detached to 
reinforce Continental Army for 3 months. 

Barney, Jonathan, 2d, Taunton. Capt. Ichabod Leonard's (6th) co.. Col. George 
Williams's regt. ; marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth, on the alarm of Dec. 

8, 1776 ; service, 24 days. 

Barney, Joseph, Sergeant, Capt. Carpenter's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt.. Gen. 
John Fellows's brigade ; service, 5 mos., at New York and White Plains ; reported 
dismissed Dec. 1, 1776. 

Barney, Joseph, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; enlisted Aug. 4, 
1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 6 days. 

Barney, Joseph, 2d, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; enlisted 
Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 8 days. 

Barney, Josiah, Jr. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 19, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 23, 1776 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; stationed at Bristol, R. I. 

Barney, Martin. Drummer, Capt. Jabez Barney's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 67 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, Capt. Barney's co.. Col. Drury's regt. ; 
marched from Rehoboth July 23, 1781 ; joined regiment at West Point Aug. 8, 
1781; discharged Nov. 8, 1781; service, 3 mos. 27 days; company detached to 
reinforce Continental Army for 3 months. 

Barney, Nathan. List of men in Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., stationed at Brook- 
line for 6 weeks; dismissed Jan. 15, 1776. 

Barney, Nathan (also given Nathaniel), Swanzey. Private, Light Infantry co.. Col. 
Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
June 18, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; credited to town of Rehoboth ; also, Capt. William 



650 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barnet, Nathax, continued. 

Scott's (4th Light Infantry) co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, 
dated Garrison at Pawtuxet; enlisted Fel). 20, 1777; enlistment, during war; re- 
ported on command at Newtown ; also, 4th co., commanded by Ensign ^^'illiam 
Rickard, Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll dated Providence, July 8, 1779 ; enlisted 
June 10, 1777 ; also, Capt. Scott's co. ; muster roll for Oct., 1779 ; also, return dated 
Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Fox's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; muster rolls for April-July, 1780; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Hutts, West I'oint, Jan. 28, 1781 ; age, 
19yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; occupation, yeoman; 
residence, Swanzey ; enlisted Feb. 20, 1780, by Ensign Barney ; joined Capt. Fox's 
CO., Col. Henry Jackson's (also given 9th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, 
Capt. Scott's CO., Col. Jackson's regt.; enlisted Feb. 20, 1777; discharged April 
29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported deserted Dec. 10, 1777 ; returned Nov. 10, 
1778. 

Barney, Nathax. Private, Ensign Jabez Barney's co.. Col. William S. Smith's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Oct. 31 to Dec. 1, 1778, 1 mo. 

Barney, Nathaniel. Capt. James Hills's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; list of men 
in service at Bristol for 3 mos. from Dec. 28, 1776. 

Barney, Nathaniel, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Hodges's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt.; receipts for wages from Aug. 12 to Nov. 1, 1776, dated Dorchester; also, 
Capt. Joseph Franklin's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; marched to Bristol, 
R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 16 days. 

Barney, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Jonathan Drown's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; roll made up for 3 mos. 21 days rations from Feb. 25, 1777, to June 16, 1777, 
dated Boston. 

Barney, Nathaniel (also given Nathan), Rehoboth (also given Swanzey). Private, 
Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental Arm.v pay 
accounts for service from Feb. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of 
Swanzey; reported deserted Dec. 10, 1777; returned Nov. 10, 1778; also, Lieut. 
Colonel's (2d) co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp Providence, July 
13, 1779; enlistment, 3 j'ears; also, Lieiit. Col. David CobI)'s co.. Col. Jackson's 
regt.; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; also, 2d co., Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779 ; also, Lieut. Colonel's co. ; muster roll for Oct., 
1779; also, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as 
serving 9 mos. as Private, 3 mos. as Corporal ; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men dated Ilutts, West Point, Jan. 28, 1781 ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; 
complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; occupation, yeoman ; residence, Rehoboth; rank, 
Corporal ; enlisted Dec. 26, 1779, by Col. Jackson ; joined Capt. North's co., Col. 
Jackson's (also given 9th) regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Barney, Paul. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted July 20, 1777; service, 1 mo. f) days, at Bristol and Providence, 
R. I.; marched from Rehoboth on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Peleg 
Peck's CO., Col. Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 10, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barney, Paul, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by James Leon- 
ard, Muster Master, subsequent to Sept. 16 [year not given] ; Capt. James 
Cooper's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; 
residence, Reholjoth ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Zebedee Redding's 
(1st) CO., Col. Bradford's (12th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Dec. 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for 



TX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 651 

Barxet, Paul, continued. 

service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 16, 1780; also, muster roll for July, 1780, dated 
Steenrapie ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on command at West Point ; also, de- 
scriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to order of General Court of Dec. 2, 
1780; Capt. Hix's co., 1st regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, 
lilack; hair, black; eyes, black; occupation, laborer; residence, Rehoboth; en- 
listment, 3 years ; also, Capt. Seth Banister's co.. Col. William Shepard's (-Ith) 
regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; enlisted Feb. 12, 1781; 
reported staff officer's servant; also, muster roll for Jul.y, 1781, dated Phillips- 
burgh; reported with a French officer at West Point; also, muster roll for Aug., 

1781, dated Camp at Peekskill; reported with a French officer; also, muster roll 
for Sept., 1781^dated Continental Village; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 

1782, dated York Hutts; reported with Maj. (also given Col.) De la France. 

Barney, Peleg. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Fisher, Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1779; discharged Sept. 15, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. ; company detached for 4 weeks service ; also, Capt. Jabez Barney's 
CO., Col. Mitchel's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 
67 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, Capt. Barne3''s 
CO., Col. Drury'sregt. ; marched from Swanzey July 23, 1781 ; joined regiment at 
AVest Point Aug. 8, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days ; en- 
listment, 3 months. 

Barney, Prince. Private, Capt. Jonathan Drown's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; roll made up for 21 days rations from May 25, 1777, to June 16, 1777, dated 
Boston. 

Barney, Prince, Swanzey. Pi'ivate, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Ensign Jabez Barney's co., Col. William S. Smith's regt.; pay roll 
for Nov., 1778; also, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; muster 
roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; enlistment, 3 years; also, Lieut. Colonel's 
(2d) CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp Providence, July 13, 1779; 
also, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 16, 1780; reported discharged May 
16, 1780. 

Barney, Prince, Swanzey. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. for service at Rhode 
Island by James Leonard, Muster Master, dated Oct. 28, 1779; Col. Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlistment to expire April 1, 1780. 

Barney, Prince. Private, Capt. Jabez Barney's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
26, 1780 ; discharged Nov. 1, 1780 ; service, 67 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Barney, Rufus, Taunton. Corporal, Capt. Robert Grossman's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Leonard's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 12 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Oliver Soper's co.. 
Col. Timothy Walker's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, re- 
ceipt for wages for Feb. and March, 1776, dated New York ; a/so, receipt for rations 
fi-om Dorchester to New York, dated New York, April 29, 1776; also, Ensign, 
Capt. Soper's co., Col. Joseph Reed's regt.; receipts for wages for May-Aug., 
1776. 

Barney, Rufi'S. Captain, Bristol Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commis- 
sioned Aug. 3, 1778; company detached for service at Providence, R. I.; also, 
Col. Carpenter's regt. ; pay roll for 4 days service; marched to Tiverton, R. I., for 
6 days service [probably in 1780] ; roll dated July 28, 1780. 



652 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Barney, Rufcs. Private, Capt. Pelatiah Eddy's co., Col. Abiel Mitchel's (Bristol 
Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's bri- 
gade; marched from Taunton to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; 
service, 8 da.vs. 

Barney, Samtel, Lenox. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; 
also, companj' return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barney, Samuel. Private ; list of men returned as serving on picket guard May 23, 
1775, under Maj. Baldwin. 

Barney, Samuel. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged May 19, 1777; ser^^ce, 24 
days ; marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Barney, Samuel. Account of bounty paid him by a class in Sheffield, as returned by 
selectmen of the town of Sheffield, to serve in the Continental Army for the term 
of 3 years, dated Sept. 10, 1781. 

Barney, Supply. Private, Capt. John Homes's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; roll made up to July 4, 1778; service, 3 mos. 3 
days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barney, THo:»rAs. Private, Capt. Daniel Eames's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 29, 1777; service, 21 
days. 

Barney, Wheaton, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted .July 27, 1778; discharged Sept. 10,1778; service, 

1 mo. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, list of men mustered in Bristol 
Co. for service at Rhode Island by James Leonard, Muster Master, dated Oct. 28, 
1779; Col. Jacobs's regt.; enlistment to expire April 1, 1780; also, Capt. Joseph 
Franklin's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 25, 1779; discharged Dec. 
31, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Peck's 
CO., Col. Carpenter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 7, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; ser- 
vice, 3 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; also. 
Corporal, Capt. Jabez Barney's co., Col. Mitchel's regt.; enlisted Aug. 26. 1780; 
discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 67 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Barney, William, Richmond. Private, Capt. Oliver Capron's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's (24th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Aug. 1, 1775; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 19, 1775. 

Barney, William. Private, Lieut. John Shaw's co. ; service from July 5, 1777, to 
July 25, 1777, 22 days, at Slade's Ferry, R. I., by order of Gen. Spencer and 
Brig. Gen. Godfrey. 

Barney, William, Taunton. Private, Capt. Ebenezcr Dean's co., Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's regt. ; service, 1 mo. ; marched from Taunton via Rehoboth and Bristol 
to Providence, R. I.; roll dated Nov. 5, 1777. 

Barney, William. Private, Capt. Simeon Cobb's co., commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Fisher, 3d regt.. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; enlisted Aug. 14, 1779; service, 1 mo. 

2 days; company detached for 4 weeks service on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barney, William. Private, Capt. Jacob Hoskins's co.. Col. Al)iel Mitchel's regt. j 
enlisted Aug. 0, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 31, 1780 ; service, 2 mos. 27 days ; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Armv. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 653 

Barney, William, 2d, Taunton. Descriptive list of enlisted men mustered by James 
Leonard, Muster Master, dated May 16, 1778; Capt. Josiah King's (7lh) co.. Col. 
Geortre Williams's reirt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, dark (also 
given light); hair, brown ; eyes, black; residence, Taunton ; enlistment, 9 months 
from time of arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778. 

Bar.nham, Gofeeet. Private, Capt. George Ulmer's co., Col. James Hunter's regt. ; 
enlisted July 23, 1782; discharged Nov. 20, 1782; service, 3 mos. 28 days, in 
Eastern department. 

Barxham, Gordon A. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Cahin 
Smith's (6th) regt.; return for wages, etc., for June-Dec, 1782; time allowed 
from April 20, i782; reported deserted Aug. 25, 1782. 

Barnhaji, Jacob. Private, Capt. George Ulmer's co., Col. James Hunter's regt.; 
enlisted July 23, 1782; discharged Nov. 20, 1782; service, 3 mos. 28 days, in 
Eastern department. 

Barxhart, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Barnibas, Isaac, Edgartown. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated 
Albany, Jan. 12, 1778; residence, Edgartown; enlisted for town of Bridgewater; 
mustered by Ebenezer Smith; joined Capt. Benjamin Warren's co., Col. Alden's 
regt. ; reported deceased. 

Barnod, Ebenezer. Sergeant, Capt. Abner Brown's co., Col. Ebenezer White's regt, ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days. 

Barnord, Israel. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt. ; en- 
listed July 20, 1779; discharged Aug., 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at New Lon- 
don, Conn. 

Barnord, Samuel, Bernardston. Descriptive list of enlisted men [year not given] ; 
Capt. Sheldon's co.. Col. Wells's regt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; statnra, 5 ft. 5 in. ; hair, 
black ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barnords, Castelor, Falmouth. List of men mustered in Barnstable Co. as returned 
by Joseph Otis, Muster Master, March 4, 1777 ; Capt. John Chadwick's co., Col. 
Samuel Brewer's regt. ; mustered March 1, 1777; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barns, Aaron. Private, Capt. Joseph Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 26, 1777 ; discharged May 19, 1777 ; service, 24 
days; marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Barns, Aaron. Private, Capt. William White's co., (late) Col. Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 19, 1780; service, o mos. 1 day, 
at Stone Arabia, N. Y. 

Barns, Aaron. Muster Master's receipt dated Boston, Sept. 10, 1782; enlisted for 
town of Dunstable ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barns, Abel, Hingham. Private, Capt. Boring's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, 
Capt. Charles Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 
2, Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co. Col. Greaton's regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Barns, Abel, Hingham. Seaman, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by Capt. Simeon 
Samson ; engaged Oct. 9, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1778 ; service, 7 mos. 11 days. 



Q54: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bakns, Abraham, Northfield (or Warwick). Sergeant, Capt. Eldad Wright's co., Col. 
Samuel Williams's regt., which marched April 20, 177"), in response to the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, from Northfield and Warwick to 'Cambridge ; service, 15 da.vs. 

Bakxs, Abraham (also given Abram), Wells. Private, Capt. Samuel Sayers's co., 
Col. James Scammon's (30th) regt.; company return [probably Aug., 1775]; 
enlisted May 3, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Oct, 30, 1775. 

Barns, Abraham. Corporal, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; 
pay al)stract for mileage, etc., sworn to at Deerfield, Dec. 10, 1777 ; company 
served at Ticonderoga for 3 mos. from Sept. 1, 1776. 

Barns, Abraham. Gunner, Capt. Joseph Thomas's co.. Col. John LamlVs (2d 
Artillery) regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, dur- 
ing war; reported joined from desertion April 15, 1781. 

Barns, Asa, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Cyprian How's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 16 
days. 

Barns, Asa, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co.. Col. Ward's regt , which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775. 

Barns, Asa. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted 
June 30, 1777; discharged July 15, 1777 ; service, 16 da,vs ; stationed at Fort Ann ; 
roll sworn to at Lanesborough ; also, Cai)t. Ebenezer Cook's co.. Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 
24 days; also, Capt. Ezra Whittelscy's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt.; service, from 
Nov. 5 to Nov. 7, 1780, 2 days, on an alarm at Saratoga. 

Barns, Asa, Lanesborough. Captain of a company in Col. Patterson's regt., which 
marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days ; 
also, Col. Benjamin llugglcs Woodbridge's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Sept. 28, 1775 ; also, pay roll for 15 days service from July 13, 
1777; marclied to Manchester on an alarm; also, 4th co., Col. Simonds's (2d 
Berkshire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 8, 1779; 
also, 1st CO., Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; roll made up from Oct. 15, 1779; 
discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlistment, 3 months; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 14 
to Oct. 21, 1780, 7 days, at the Northward; also, pay roll for 10 da.vs service from 
Oct. 26, 1780, on an alarm at the Northward ; also. Colonel ; warrant to pay offi- 
cers and men for service from Oct. to Nov., 1781, dated June 15, 1785. 

Barns, Asa, Jr. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; 
roll made up from Oct. 16, 1779; dischai'gedNov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barns, Asa, Jr. Private, Capt. William White's co., (late) Col. Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 
days, at Stone Arabia, N. Y. 

Barns, Benjamin, Hingham. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Ilingham) co., Col. 
Solomon Lovel's regt.; service from June 14 to June 16, 1776, 2 days, at Hull; 
also, pay roll for service from June '23 to June 25, 1776, 2 days, at Hull ; also, 
Capt. Seth Stowers's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; enlisted July 6, 1776; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 1776; service, 5 mos. 26 days, at Hull ; also, Capt. Theophilus 
Wilder's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 
29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in Northern department. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. Qo5 

Barxs, Bexj.vmix, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co., Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Freedom Chamljerlain's co. ; marched on 
the alarm at the taking of Dorchester Heights, March 5, 1776; service, 5 days; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt.; service, 2 mos. 6 
daj'S, in April, May and June, 1777, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched to 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Barn's, Benjamin-, Marlborough. Corporal, Capt. William Morse's co. of volunteers. 
Col. Jonathan Read's regt.; enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 7 days; marched to reinforce army under Gen. Gates. 

Baens, Benjamin, Ashfield. Private, Lieut. Col. Millen's co., Col. Wesson's regt. j 
Continental .Army pay accounts for service from April 28, 1777, to Sept. 6, 1779; 
reported deserted but returned to service July, 1780. 

Baens, Benjamin, Granville. 2d Corporal, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 3 days ; also, companj- return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxburj-, Dec. 22, 1775; also, 2d 
Lieutenant, Capt. Aaron Coe's oth (also given 9th) co.. Col. John Moseley's (3d 
Hampshke Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 26, 
1776; also, Capt. Coe's co.. Col. Mosley's (Hampshire Co.) regt., commanded by 
Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; returned Xov. 17, 1776; 
service, 28 days, with Northern army; also, Capt. William Coole}"'s co., Col. 
Mosley's regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 39 days ; 
marched to reinforce Northern army; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 17 to 
Aug. 19, 1777, 4 days ; marched to Bennington on an alarm ; also, Capt. Samuel 
Sloper's CO., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged 
Nov. 22, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months ; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Army; also, Captain, Col. David Moseley's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; service from June 12 to June 17, 1782, 6 days, quelling 
the mob at Northampton. 

Baens, Benjamin, Jr., Plymouth. Private, Lieut. Stephen Churchill's co., which 
marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; 
service, 7 days. 

Barxs, Benjamin, Jr. Pi-ivate, Capt. Seth Stowers's co.; service from Nov. 30 to Dec. 
31, 1776, 1 mo., at Hull. 

B.\JiNs, Canterbuey. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 24, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; ser\-ice, 3 mos. 19 days, 
in Northern department. 

Baens, Canterbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Baxter's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovel's brigade; enlisted Aug. 5, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
13 days ; marched to Rhode Island. Roll dated Braintree. 

Barns, Can'ts. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co., Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Barns, Comfort, New Ashford. Private, Capt. Amariah Babbit's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 29, 1777; 
service, 21 da,vs; marched to Manchester; also, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. John 
Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 8, 1777; 
service, 16 days; company called out by order of Maj. Gen. Gates; marched to 
Bennington, from thence escorted 169 prisoners to Springtield by order of Gen» 
Lincoln. 



656 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barns, Corbax, Plymouth. Private, Lieut. Stephen Churchill's co., which inarched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
7 days. 

Barns, Corben. Private, Capt. Ichabod Bonney's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
marched Oct. 19, 1778; discharged Dec. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 26 days, at Castle 
Island. 

Barns, Corbin. Private, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 25, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 nios. 10 days, on an 
alarm at Illiode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Barns, Coknelus, Jr., Hingham. Private, Capt. Peter Cusliing's (3d Hingham) co., 
Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; comi)any assembled at Dorchester, March 4, 177G; 
service, 4 days. 

Barns, Cuomavell, Boston. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barns, Cromwell. Private, Capt. William Bird's co., Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos 24 days ; regiment raised 
in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 
3 months. 

Barns, Daniel, New Providence. Private, Capt. Abiatliar Angel's co., Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 1 week ; also, Capt. John Wright's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Wright's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. 
Brewer's) 9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Nov. 2, 1775. 

Bakns, Daniel, Marlborough. Captain of a compan.v, which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775 ; service, 7days ; reported enlisted into the army April 26, 1775 ; also, 
order for cartridge boxes dated Caml)ridge, June 18, 1775 ; also, Gen. Ward's regt. ; 
returns for rations dated July 30 and Aug. 1, 1775; also, Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 13 weeks 6 
days; also. Col. Timothy Bigelow's (15th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to May 6, 1779; reported a supernumerary; also, 
muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1777, dated Tan Schaick's Island; reported on com- 
mand at Alliany; also, return of officers for clothing dated Boston, May 25, 1778; 
also, pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1778, and March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence. 

Barns, Daniel, Brookfield. Corporal, Cajit. Jonathan Barns's co., Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; 
reported enlisted into the army ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Peter Harwood's co., Col. 
Ebenezer Learned's regt.; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in mone.y, dated Brookfield, Nov. 21, 1775; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Cai)t. Daniel Gilbert's CO., 
Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Barns's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; «Zso, Corporal, Col. Thomas Nixon's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 3, 1777; 
reported deserted. 

Barns, David. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted June 
29, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 23 days, under Gen. Schuyler; also, 
Capt. John King's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshu-e Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1777; 
discharged Aug. 15, 1777 ; service, 25 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 657 

Barns, David. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged 
Oct. 21, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. ; enlistment, 3 months ; marched to Manchester, Vt., 
thence to AUington, thence to Stillwater b.y order of Gen. Lincoln; joined Gen. 
John Ashley's regt. and marched to Bolton's Rills. 

Baiixs, David. Private, Capt. Samuel Waterhouse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted March 30, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days, at Winter Hill; com- 
pany detached from militia. 

Barns, Ekenezer. Private, Capt. Solomon Brown's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1779; discharged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
6 days, at New London, Conn. 

Barns, Edward. Major; order for cartridge boxes to be delivered to Capt. James 
Mellen of Col. Ward's regt., dated Camp at Cambridge, June 18, 1775; also, 
Lieutenant Colonel, Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; engaged May 20, 1775; roll 
made up to Aug. 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 17 days. Roll dated Dorchester. 

Barns, Elias. Capt. Wheeler's co., 4th regt. ; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 
1776, dated North Castle; also, receipts for wages for Sept.-Dec, 1776; also, re- 
ceipt for mileage, dated Feb. 1, 1777. 

Barns, Elias. Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt. ; enlisted July 
7, 1777 ; service, 5 mos. 28 days. 

Bahns, Elias, Concord. Private, Col. Sheldon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 30, 1780; also, Col. Sheldon's regt. of light 
dragoons; pay abstract for Oct. -Dec, 1780, dated Boston; enlistment, during 
war; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Jan. 28, 1781 ; 2d 
regt. of light dragoons; enlisted March 2, 1778, by Capt. Crafts; enlistment, 
during war. 

Barns, Elijah, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Walker's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Barns, Elij-^^h. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; pay 
roll for service from Aug. 2, 1778, to Sept. 13, 1778, 1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Barns, Elijah, New Braintree. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Hunter's co., 
Col. Keyes's regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, New Braintree; enlisted March 10, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Barns, Elisha, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co., Col. Ward's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; also, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co., 
Col. Dike's regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777, 
guarding stores at Boston ; also, receipt for mileage, etc., from Albany home, 
dated Marlborough, March 14, 1777 ; service in Capt. Gates's co. 

Barns, Ensign, Hinghara. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's {3d Hingham) co.. Col. 
Solomon Lovell's regt. ; company assembled at Dorchester March 4, 1776 ; ser- 
vice, 4 days. 

Barns, Francis, Westborough (probably). List of men returned as belonging to the 
train band [year not given] . 

Barns, Giles, East Hoosac. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloane's co., Col. John Patter- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 14 
days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Enos Parker's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 23 
days ; regiment sent to reinforce Continental Army at Ticonderoga ; also, Capt. 
Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Simonds's regt. ; service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 22, 1780, 



658 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bakns, Giles, contimied. 

9 days ; marched to Castleton on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows ; also. Quarter- 
master, Col. Asa Barns's rejrt. ; warrant to pay officers and men for service from 
Oct. to Nov., 1781, dated June lo, 1785. 

Barns, Henry. Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. of coast guards ; list of men appearing 
on a memorandum of beef delivered Feb. 18, 1777. 

Barns, Hezekiah, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched to the Northward Oct. 14, 1780; ser- 
vice, 7 days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Timothy Read's co.. Col. Asa Barns's regt.; 
marched from Lanesborough to Stillwater Oct. 13, 1781 ; service, 10 days ; also, 
Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Barns's regt.; marched from Lanesborough to 
Saratoga Oct. 29, 1781, on an alarm; service, 11 days. 

Barns, Isaac, Plymouth. Private, Lieut. Stephen Churchill's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 
7 days. 

Barns, James, Pelham. Private, Capt. David Cowden's co.. Col. Benjamin Iluggles 
Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 17 
days ; also, Capt. Isaac Gray's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Pelham, June 7, 1776; reported went to 
Quebec with Col. Arnold's regt. 

Barns, James, Amherst. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Porter's (4th Hampshire Co.) regt., dated South 
Hadley, May 28, 1777 ; joined Capt. Oliver's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Barns, James. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. John Mills's co.. Col. Joseph 
Vose's (1st) regt.; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, 
dark; occupation, husbandman ; birthplace, Ireland ; enlisted Nov. 11, 1776, at 
Ticonderoga, by Maj. Fraizer ; enlistment, during war ; also. Private, Capt. Mills's 
CO., Col. Vose's regt.; muster rolls for Jan-April, 1781, dated Garrison at "West 
Point; reported with the infantry in April, 1781 ; also, muster roll for May, 1781 ; 
reported with the infantry; also, muster roll for June, 1781, dated Camp Phillips- 
burgh; reported with the light infantrj-; also, muster roll for July, 1781, dated 
Camp at Doljbs's Ferry ; reported with the light infantry ; also, muster roll for 
Aug., 1781, sworn to at Camp Peekskill ; reported witli light infantry; also, mus- 
ter roll for Sept., 1781 ; reported with light infantry ; also, muster rolls for Oct. 
and Nov., 1781, and Jan., 1782, dated Hutts ; reported transferred to light infantry 
in Jan., 1782 ; also, 1st regt. ; return of men at New Windsor Hospital Feb., 1783. 

Barns, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co., Col. David Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; service from June 12 to June 17, 1782, 6 days, quelling the mob 
at Northampton. 

Barns, John. Capt. Selah Heart's co., Col. Walcut's regt.; receipt for wages for 
2 mos. in 1775. 

Barns, John. Capt. Samuel Cobb's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Barns, John, New Haven. Capt. James Horton's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt. of artificers ; 
enlisted Dec. 12, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; companj- reported to be of Connecticut ; 
roll dated July 20, 1780. 

Barns, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln 
Co.) regt. ; service, 14 days, at Machias, on 3 alarms ; discharged Sept. 17 [year 
not given] ; roll sworn to Feb. 25, 1778. 

Barns, John. Seaman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; en- 
gaged Dec. 14, 1778; rejjorted "run" Dec. 15, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 659 



Bahxs, John. Muster Master's return made by John Gushing, Muster Master for 
Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlisted for town of Lynn; enlistment, 
9 months. 

Barns, Joh.v, Wrentham (also given Chatham). Private, Capt. Asa Fairbanks's co.. 
Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 30, 1777; roll made up to Oct. 31, 
1777; service, 1 mo. 2 days; roll dated Wrentham; also, Capt. Thomas Turner's 
(9th) CO., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Dec. 6, 1777, to May 16, 1779; reported deserted May 16, 1779; also, muster 
roll dated Pavvtuxet, May 4, 1779; reported on command with Gen. Sullivan's 
baggage. 

Barns, John. Capt. Wadsworth's co. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1779; discharged Jan.l, 1780; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Barns, John, York. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. '25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 mouths men raised by the town of York for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 6, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 
26, 1780 ; service, 4 mos. 8 days. 

Barns, John, Plympton. Private, Capt. John Bradford's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 9, 
1775; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as ha^^ng passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 
1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Plympton for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 4, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 6, 
1780; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 

Barns, John. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Drew's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; 
muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillipsbnrgh ; enlisted April 5, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Barns, John, Jr., Hingham. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co.. Col. 
Solomon Level's regt. ; service from June 23 to June 25, 1776, 2 days, at Hull. 

Barns, Jonathan, Brookfield. Captain of a company in Col. Jonathan Warner's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned home May 1, 1775; ser- 
vice, 9 days. 

Barns, Jonathan, Concord. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Winter Hill, Jan. 15, 1776; also, Capt. 
Charles Miles's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., 
from Ticonderoga, sworn to Feb. 16, 1777. 

Barns, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt.; 
enlisted July 7, 1777 ; service, 5 mos. 28 days. 

Barns, Jonathan, Brookfield. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's (9th) co.. Col. 
James Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned Aug. 16, 1777. 

Barns, Jonathan, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's co. of volunteers. Col. 
Convers's regt.; marched from Brookfield to join Gen. Gates's army Sept. 23, 
1777 ; service, 22 days. 

Barns, Jonathan, Brookfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill ; Capt. Gilbert's 
CO., Col. Converse's regt.; age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; 
residence, Brookfield ; list dated May 26, 1778. 



660 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barns, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
muster roll dated North Kingston, Nov. C, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 
1779. 

Barns, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. 13, 1779; dischi\rged Nov. 16, 1779; service, 2 raos. 
8 days, at Rhode Island. 

B.vRNS, Jonathan. List of men who were at the capture of Gen. Burgoyne [year not 
given] . 

Barns, Jonathan, Jr., Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Brigham's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cam- 
bridge ; service, 7 days. 

B.\.RNS, Joseph, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. John Ilomes's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days. 

Barns, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel Dexter's co.. Col. Learned's regt.; pay ab- 
stract for mileage from New Braintree and return, dated lloxbury Camp, Jan., 
1776. 

Barns, Joseph, Lanesborough. Captain, 3d (1st Lanesborough) co., 2d Berkshire Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 4, 1776; also, Col. 
Benjamin Symonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged 
May 19, 1777; service, 24 days; marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. 
Gates. 

Barns, Joseph, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Patterson's regt., 
which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
25 days; also, Capt. Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin lluggles Woodbridge's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 2 mos. 16 days; 
also, company return dated Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in monej-, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775; also, Capt. Barns's co. ; 
pay roll for 15 days service from Juh^ 13, 1777 ; marched to Manchester on an 
alarm ; also, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; service, 6 days, in Aug., 1777 ; marched 
from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck on an ahirni. 

Barns, Joseph. Cooper, sloop "Republic," commanded by Capt. Isaac Bartlett; 
portage bill for voyage to AVest Indies dated Boston, Jul.y 28, 1777; engaged 
July 8, 1777 ; service, 20 days. 

Barns, Joseph. Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co.. Col. Abijali Stearns's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt. ; marched April 6, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
28 days ; stationed at Dorchester Heights. 

Barns, Joseph, Concord. Private, Capt. Charles Miles's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Ticonderoga, sworn to Feb. 16, 1777; 
also, Cajjt. Daniel Harrington's co., Col. Reed's regt. of guards; enlisted April 2, 
1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Cambridge. 

Barns, Joseph, Jr. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; service, 6 days, in Aug., 
1777 ; marched from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck on an alarm. 

Barns, Joshva, Brookfield. Bombardier, Capt. William Todd's (8th) co.. Col. Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; i)ay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1776, to May 8, 1776, 3 mos. 7 
days ; also, return dated Boston, Dec. 16, 1776. 

Barns, Joshua. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; marched 
from Brookfield to Bennington and Half Moon July 30, 1777 ; enlistment, 1 mo. ; 
reported deserted. 

Barns, Joshua. Private, Capt. Newell's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.. Gen. Warner's 
brigade; enlisted Nov. 3, 1778; discharged Nov. 18, 1778; service, 15 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention from Rutland to Enfield, Conn. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 661 

Barns, Josiah, Dudley. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Healy's co., Col. Jonathan Hol- 

man's ie<^. ; pay abstract for 30 days service at Fort Edward, Oct. 17, 1777 ; also, 
descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the term of 9 months from 
the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; Capt. Carter's (also given Capt. 
Healy's) co., Col. Holman's regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, i't ft. 6 in.; complexion, 
light (also given dark) ; residence, Dudley ; return made by Capt. William Carter. 

Barns, Lemuel. Private, Lieut. Judah Wood's co.. Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt. ; 
marched from Halifax to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 9, 1776; service, 15 
days. 

Barns, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Erastus Sargent's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. •„ muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 2.i, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 16, 
1776; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777; reported left sick at Saratoga Jan. 

1, 1777, sick at Stockbridge Feb. 25, 1777, also reported discharged March 22, 
1777. 

Barns, Lemuel, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; service, 11 days ; 
also, Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's (16th) regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat er its equivalent in 
money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., Col. 
Abijali Stearns's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched April 7, 1778; discharged July 

2, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 27 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Barns, Lemuel, Stockbridge. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Increase Hewins's co. [.year not given] ; residence, Stockbridge ; enlisted 
for town of West Stockbridge; joined Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph 
Vose's regt. 

Barns, Mark. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st Rhode 
Island) regt.; muster rolls for Jan., Feb. and March, 1778; enlistment, during 
war. 

Barns, Mark, Winslow. Private, Capt. Adams Bailey's (late Capt. Jacob Allen's) 
CO., Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; enlistment, during war; 
reported deserted March 1, 1777. 

Barns, Moses, Greenwich. Private, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Oct. 31, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Barns, Moses, Wohurn (probably). Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; list of men in service from Dec, 1776, to Feb., 1777, 3 mos., guarding stores 
at Boston. 

Barns, Moses, Lanesborough. Private, Lieut. Joseph Famam's co., Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched from Lanesborough to Pawlet Sept. 5, 
1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 26 days; also, descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Berkshire Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival 
at Fishkill, June 9, 1778 ; Capt. Wheeler's co., Col. Diamond's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Lanesborough ; reported mustered by 
Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master. 

Barns, Moses, Marlborough. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 40 days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Cran- 
son's CO., Col. AVhitcomb's regt. ; receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect 
Hill; also, receipt for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; also, company 
return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Captain, Lieut. Col. Samuel Peirce's 
regt. ; enlisted May 24, 1779; roll made up to July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 7 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 2 months. 

Barns, Moses. Private, Lieut. John Hobby's (1st) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; 
pay roll for July, 1779, dated Camp Providence. 



662 ^MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barns, Moses. Private, Capt. Daniel Bro^vn's co., commanded by Lieut. William 
"White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) re-jt. ; enlisted July 23, 1779; dis- 
charged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Barns, Moses, Boston. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middlesex 
Co. [year not given] ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Acton. 

Barns, Moses, Boston (also given Natick) . Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co., Col. 
John Patterson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 29, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 7 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 30, 1775. 

Barns, Moses, Jr. Capt. Selah Heart's co.. Col. "Walcut's regt. ; receipt for wages for 
2 mos. service in 1775. 

Barns, Nathan. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 16. 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Barns, Nathan, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned home 
May 1, 1775; service, 16 days; also, Capt. John Packard's co.. Col. David 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days; also, company return dated lloxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. 
Packard's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) regt.; order for bountj' 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated lloxbury, Dec. 27, 1775; also, Capt. 
Edmund Hodges's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; enlisted May 5, 1777; dis- 
charged July 6, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days, at Rhode Island; also, descriptive 
list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of 
their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; Capt. Gilljert's co.. Col. Converse's regt.; 
age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Brookfield (North 
Precinct) ; mustered May 19, 1778, by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, for ser- 
vice under Gen. Washington. 

Barns, Nathaniel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Cluirchill's (5th) co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's (1st Plymouth Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
Oct. 28, 1778. 

Barns, Noah. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days. 

Barns, Oliver, Northborough. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Wood's co.. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 22 days. 

Barns, Oliver. Private, Capt. Wheeler's (2d) co., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt.; return of 
men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; also, receipts for wages, 
for Sept.-Dec, 1776; also, order for wages, etc., dated Concord, March 12, 1777. 

Barns, Peter Wooding. Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; list of men dated Aug. 26, 
1777; also, list of men appearing on a memorandum of beef delivered Dec. 31, 
1777. 

Barns, Phineas, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. David Pixley's co., Col. John Brown's 
regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; roll made up to July 26, 1777; service, 27 days, in 
Northern department. 

Barns, Richard, Westlwrough. Private, Capt. Setli Morse's co., Maj. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, list 
of men returned as belonging to alarm list [year not given] . 

Barns, Richard, Southborough. Private, Capt. Moses Harrington's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Barns, Richard. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's (Cavalry) co.. Col. Whitney's regt.; 
service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 26, 1777, 6 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 663 

Barns, Robert. Capt. Joel Smith's co., Col. Jolin Glover's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1775. 

Barns, Roswell. Private, Capt. William Francis's co.. Col. John Ashley's regt.; 
enlisted July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 13, 1777 ; service, 23 days. 

Barns, Roswell, Stoclcbridge. Private, Capt. Job Woodbridge's co.. Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt., commanded by Maj. Caleb Hyde; enlisted July 8, 1777; 
discharged Juh* 26, 1777 ; service, 19 days ; marched from Stockbridge on the 
evacuation of Ticonderoga; a/so, descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, May 31, 
1778 ; Capt. Whittelsey's co.. Col. Rossiter's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; 
complexion, light; residence, Stockbridge; also, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d 
Berkshire Co. regt.; enlisted Nov. 5, 1780; service, 2 days; marched on an alarm 
at Saratoga. 

Barns, Roswell. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1780; discharged 
Nov. 7, 1780; service, 16 days ; marched to Bennington on an alarm. Roll sworn 
to at Sheffield. 

Barns, Samuel, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Nathan Hamilton's co.. Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; pay abstract for service from Aug. 3 to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 29 
days ; also, pay abstract for mileage from Fort Edward home, dated Brookfield, 
Feb. 6, 1777. 

Barns, Samvel. Capt. Oilman's co., 4th regt. ; receipt for money due dated Feb. 1, 
1777. [See Samuel Burns.] 

Barns, Samuel, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted May 5, 1777 ; discharged July 6, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Barns, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Banister's co.. Col. Jol) Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Nov. 18, 1777; service, 2 mos. 21 days. 

Barns, Samuel, Conway. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. 
agreeable to resolve of June 9,1779; Capt. Whitney's co. ; age, 43 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Conway; enlistment, 9 months; deliv- 
ered to Col. Wells (also given Lieut. R. Lilley). 

Barns, Samuel, Conway. List of men mustered by Lieut. Col. David Wells, sworn to 
Aug. 3, 1780 ; Capt. Whitney's co. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, ^ ft. ; complexion, dark ; 
residence, Conway ; mustered for service at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barns, Samuel. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted 
July 3, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Barns, Samuel, Conway. Private, Capt. J. Blanchard's co., Col. James Wesson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780 ; also, Capt. Samuel Carr's co., Col. Wesson's (9th) regt. ; return for clothing 
for 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Hutts, West Point, Jan. 28, 
1781; age, 44 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, 
cordwainer; residence, Conway; enlisted Dec. 7, 1779, by Capt. Carr; joined 
Capt. Blanchard's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (also given 9th) regt. ; enlistment, 
during war. 

Barns, Samuel, Maiden. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Cleavland's co., Col. Michael 
Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 6, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, list of men dated Boston, April 27, 1777 ; also, Lieut. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of men enlisted by Maj. Keith at 
Soldier's Fortune; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, dark; hair. 



664 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barns, Samcel, continued. 

brown; occupation, blockmaker; residence, Maiden; enlisted March 11, 1779; 
joined Lieut. E. Smith's (also given Capt. Wade's) co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
(8th) regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Barns, Samvel. Petition dated Boston, Feb. 10, 1783, signed by Mungo Mackay and 
others, asking that said Barns l)e commissioned as comnianiier of the brigantine 
" Hazard; " ordered in Council, Feb. 10, 1783, that a commission be issued. 

Barns, Silas, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Cyprian How's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 4 days. 

Barns, Silas. Private, Capt. Oliver BeUling's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's regt. ; enlisted 
Julj' 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 14 daj's, with Northern army. 

Barns, Silas, West Stockbridge. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, May 31, 1778; 
Capt. Hewins's co., Col. Rochester's legt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, n ft. 8 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; residence. West Stockbridge; reported mustered by Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master; also, Private, Capt. Ambrose Hill's co., Lieut. Col. 
Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1779; discharged Aug. 22, 
1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Barns, Silas, Brookfield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 2,5, 1780. 

Barns, Silas. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co., Col. David Rosseter's co.. Gen. John 
Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 20, 1781; service, 11 
days; marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater; also, Capt. Bacon's co.. Col. 
Caleb Hyde's regt.. Gen. Rosseter's brigade; enlisted Oct. 20, 1781; discharged 
Oct. 28, 1781 ; service, 9 days, at Stillwater. 

Barns, Solomon, Brookfield. Corporal, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned home 
May 1, 1775; service, 16 days; also, Capt. Newell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt., Gen. Warner's brigade; enlisted Nov. 3, 1778; discharged Nov. 18, 1778; 
service, 15 days, guarding troops of convention from Rutland to Enfield, Conn. 

Barns, Spencer, Rehoboth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
l)y Brig. Gen. Paterson as liaving passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. [See Spencer Bears.] 

Barns, Stephen. Corporal, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days. 

Barns, Thomas, Upton. Private, Capt. Robert Taft's co.. Col. Silas Wheelock's regt., 
whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 8 days. 

Barns, Thomas, Upton. Sergeant, Capt. Bachelor's co.. Col. Read's regt. ; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Barns, Thomas. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co. of guards; enlisted Feb. 15, 
1779; discharged May 15, 1779; service, 3 mos., at and al)out Boston, under Maj. 
Gen. Gates. 

Barns, Thomas, Sanford. List of men mustered from York Co. by Nathaniel Wells, 
Muster Master, dated July 2, 1777; Capt. John Reed's co.. Col. l(hal)od Alden's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Reed's co.. Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's) regt.; Continental Armj' pay accounts for service from June 15, 1777; 
reported died Jan. 1, 1778. 



.IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 665 

Barns, Thomas, Stockbridge. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Increase Hewins's co. [vearnotKiven] ; residence, Stockbridge; enlisted for 
town of West Stockbridge; joined Capt. Moses Ashley's co., Col. Joseph Vose's 
regt. 

Bakxs, Thomas, Boston. Boy, ship " Essex " (privateer), commanded by Capt. John 
Cathcart; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 12, 1780; age, 16 yrs.; 
residence, Boston. 

Barns, Thomas. Captain, Col. John Mansfield's regt.; commissioned May 27, 1775; 
also, Major, Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 26 mos. 6 days as Captain in 
Col. Thomas Nison's regt., 9 mos. 24 days as Major; also, Captain, Col. Nixon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 2, 1777; also, pay abstract 
for rations from June 11 to Aug. 31, 1777, 82 days, dated Albany; also, muster 
roll dated Albany, Dec. 31, 1777; reported furloughed by Gen. Gates for 2 mos. 
from Nov. 25, 1777 ; also, muster roll dated May 4, 1778; reported on command 
at Harrison's Purchase; also, return dated Boston, Nov. 24, 1778; also, return 
dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Light Infantry co.. Col. Nixon's 
(6th) regt. ; pay abstracts for June-Oct., 1779; reported promoted to Major; com- 
missioned March 6, 1779, and transferred to 12th regt. March 10, 1779. 

Barns, Timothy, Wells. Private, Capt. Noah M. Littlefield's co.. Col. Moulton's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; also, Capt. 
Samuel Sayers's co., Col. James Scammon's (30th) regt. ; company' return [prob- 
ably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent iu money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Barns, William, Hopkinton. Fifer, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, Capt. 
Henry Lealand's co.. Col. Willis's regt.; receipt for wages dated Hopkinton, 
Feb. 5, 1776. 

Barns, William, Plymouth. Corporal, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
7 days; also. Private, Capt. Harlow's co. ; service, 2 mos. 18 days, from Aug. 31, 
1776 ; stationed at Plymouth . 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. Caleb Turner's co. ; service, 3 mos., from June 10 
to Sept. 10, 1776. 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. John Brown's regt.; en- 
listed June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 25, 1777 ; service, 26 days, at Fort Ann ; roll 
sworn to at Lanesborough ; also, Lieut. Joseph Farnam's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 
1777 ; service, 26 days ; marched from Lanesborough to Pawlet. 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 27 days, at 
Fort Ann, on an alarm at Ticonderoga; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 5 to 
Sept. 29, 1777, 24 days, at the Northward of Pawlet. 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. Daniel Winchester's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, 
in Northern department. 

Barns, William, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; service, 29 days, between July 30 and Sept. 2, 1777; marched from Brook- 
field to Bennington and Half Moon ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Worcester Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 7, 1778; Capt. Gilbert's co.. Col. Converse's regt.; age, 28 yrs.; stature, 



666 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barns, William, continued. 

5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Brookfield (North Precinct) ; enlisted 
to serve under Gen. Wasliinsfton ; reported nuistered May 19, 1778, by Thomas 
NewLall, Muster Master. 

Barns, William. Sergeant, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co.. Col. Titcomh's regt. ; service, 
2 mos. .") da.vs, from April 28, 1777, at liliode Island; roll dated Halifax; also, 
Capt. William Crow Cotton's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; also, pay roll for 2 days service guarding prisoners from 
the "Somerset;" roll dated Plymouth, Nov. 10, 1778. 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co.. Col. Nathaniel Jordan's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1779; discharged Oct. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo., at Falmouth. • 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. John Gleason's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
return dated North Kingston, June 26, 1777. 

Barns, AVilliam, Roxbury. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Rox- 
bury for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 27, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 10, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 25 days. 

Barns, William. Private, Capt. James Tisdale's co., Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; 
muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780, dated Camp Orange Town; enlisted Julj' 5, 
1780; enlistment, 6 months; also, muster roll for Oct., 1780. 

Barns, Zacchels. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co. ; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776 ; service, 
1 mo. 3 days, at Plymouth. 

Barns, Zacchevs. Corporal, Capt. William Crow Cotton's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 
1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barns, Zuriel. List of men raised l)y Joseph Dimuck to defend the town of Fal- 
mouth, Barnstaljle Co. ; enlisted June 10, 1782 ; discharged Nov. 15, 1782 ; service, 
5 mos. 5 days. 

Barnum, . [This name also appears under the form of Barnam, Barnham.] 

Barnum, Caleb, Taunton. Chaplain, Col. Timothy Walker's regt. ; engaged May 3, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstract for rations from Jan. 1, 1776, to April 1, 1776, dated New York. 

Barnum, Jabez. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days ; marched on an alarm at Berkshire. 

Barnum, Moses, Stockbridge. Corporal, Capt. William Goodrich's co.,Col. Paterson's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Cambridge; service, 14 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 
5, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., Lieut. 
Col. David Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; service from Aug. 13 to Aug. 18, 
1777, 5 days; marched to Bennington. 

Barnum, Stephen, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 22, 
1777; service, 96 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777; also, 
Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an 
alarm; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Simonds's regt.; marched 
on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days. 

Barnum, Thomas, Lanesborough. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Meloomscuyck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Brown's 
CO., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 
1780; service, 6 days; also, Capt. Noah Hinman's co.. Col. Asa Barns's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched Oct. 15, 1781 ; service, 10 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 667 

Barny, Christopher. Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; marched 
on a secret expedition under Maj. Gen. Spencer Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 
30, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. 

Barxt, Israel. Drummer, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Fisher, Col. Carpenter's re^'t. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1779; discharged Sept. 15, 1779; 
service, 1 mo., on an alarm at Rhode Island ; company detached for 4 weeks service. 

Barnt, Israel, Jr. Private, Capt. Jonathan Drown's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt.; payroll for 116 days rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 20, 1777, to 
June 16, 1777, dated Boston. 

Barnt, John, Boston. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middlesex 
Co. [year not'given] ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Holliston. 

Barxt, Joxathax, Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Perry's co.. Col. Timothy Walker's (22d) 
regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Barxt, Joxathan, Boston. List of men enlisted into Continental Ai-my [year not 
given] ; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Holliston. 

Barxt, Joseph. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co., Col. George Williams's regt. ; marched 
on a secret expedition under Maj. Gen. Spencer Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 
30, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day, at Tiverton, R. I. 

Barxt, Jos'h, Lexington. Private, Light Infantry co., (late) Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; also, Capt. Thomas Willington's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Oct., 1778; also, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; 
muster roll dated Providence, May 5, 1779 ; reported transferred to Capt. Pills- 
bury's (Light Infantrj') co. ; enlistment, during war. 

Barxt, Nathax. Private, Capt. Jonathan Drown's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; 
pay roll for 116 days rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 20, 1777, to June 16, 

1777, dated Boston. 

Barnt, Peleg. Private, Capt. Peleg Peck's co.. Col. George Williams's regt. ; marched 
on a secret expedition under Maj. Gen. Spencer Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 
30, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, at Tiverton, R. I. 

Barxt, Samuel, Pittsfield. Capt. William Francis's co. ; list of men who went to 
Stillwater Sept. 30, 1777, and were dismissed Oct. 10, 1777 ; service, 1 week 4 
days ; also, list of men who were raised to reinforce Continental Army May 19, 

1778, and were dismissed Feb. 19, 1779. 

Barxt, William. Private, Capt. Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 1, 1777; roll made up to Jan. 2, 1778; service, 4 mos. 1 day, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Baron, Benjamin, Dracut. Private, Capt. Varnum's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to Oct. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 4 mos. 25 days as Private, 26 mos. 20 days as Corporal. 

Barox, George. Sergeant, Capt. Lillie's co., Col. Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, list of 
pensioners made up to Dec. 31, 1787; pensioned Sept. 1, 1782. 

Baron-, Isaac. Private, Capt. John Howard's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance from Saratoga home, allowed in Council, March 
12, 1777. 

Baron, Nathan, Ashby. Private, Capt. Samuel Stone's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 



G68 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barott, Jonathan. Capt. Ebenezer Winship's co., Col. John Nixon's (5th) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Barow, Amos, "Westfield. Private, Capt. Henry's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Baroav, Zadoc, riympton. Private, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted June 27, 1778; roll made up to Dec. 15, 1778; service, 5 mos. 19 
daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barows, Abner. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co.. Col. Daggett's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 2, 1778; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Barows, Samuel. Capt. John Bridgham's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej' , dated Iloxbury, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Barr, . [This name also appears under the form of Bar, Burr.] 

Barr, Aaron, Murrayfield. Private, Capt. Oliver Avery's co., which marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; company 
raised in Shelburne, Myrifiekl and Charlemont; reported enlisted into the army 
April 27, 1775; also, Capt. H. Maxwell's co., Col. Prescott's regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported as first man killed at Bunker Hill, June 17, 
1775. 

Barr, Ai-exaxdku. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 6 days, 
at Bennington. 

Barr, Darius, Myrifield (also given New Braintree). Private, Capt. John Granger's 
CO. of minute men; Col. Jonathan Warner's regt.; enlisted April 19, 1775; ser- 
vice, 1 week; also, Capt. Granger's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 20, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 6 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Barr, Darivs. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; pay 
abstract for mileage, etc., sworn to at Deerfield Dec. 10, 1777 ; company served at 
Ticonderoga for 3 mos. from Sept. 1, 1776. 

Barr, Darii's, Charlemont. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co.. Col. Porter's regt.; 
enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 38 days; marched to 
reinforce Northern army after the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Barr, Ephraim. List of men belonging to the brig " Reprisal," taken Feb. 19 ( ? ) , 1778, 
by a British frigate, dated Boston harbor, on board the " Reprisal," Feb. 10, 1778. 

Barr, Hugh. Fifer, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777; service, 16 days. 

Barr, Hugh. Private, Capt. Thomas Whipple's co.. Col. James Converse's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; marclied to Providence, R. I., in July, 1777, on an alarm; service, 3 
days; roll dated New Braintree; also, Capt. Francis Stone's co.. Col. Converse's 
regt.; marched to Bennington in Aug., 1777, on an alarm; service, 3 days. 

Barr, Hugh. Private, Capt. Benjamin Nye's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at 
Dorchester. 

Barr, James. 1st Lieutenant, brigantine " Oliver Cromwell" (privateer), commanded 
by Capt. Thomas Simmons ; petition dated Salem, July 8, 1778, signed liy Jonathan 
Ingersoll, asking that said Simmons be commissioned as commander of the " Oliver 
Cromwell ; " ordered in Council, Juh- 10, 1778, that a commission Ije issued ; also, 
petition dated Salem, May 28, 1781, signed bj' Joseph White, asking that said 
Barr be commissioned as commander of the ship " Rover" (privateer) ; age, 25 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 669 

Barr, James, continued. 

yrs. ; stature, S ft. 6 in. ; complexion, lijrht ; ordered in Council, May 28, 1781, that 
a commission be issued; al-'io, i)etitioii dated Boston, June 20, 1782, si.irned by 
Nathan Goodale, askin<; that said Barr be commissioned as commander of the 
brigantine " Montgomery" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, June 25, 1782, that a 
commission be issued. 

Barr, James. Mate; list of prisoners brought to Marblehead in the cartel " Pacific" 
to be exchanged for British prisoners, as returned by Thomas Stone, Commissary 
[year not given] ; taken from schooner " General Gates " (privateer) by the British 
brig "Hope." 

Barr, John. Private, Capt. Francis Stone's co.. Col. James Converse's (Worcester 
Co.) regt. ; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Bennington in Aug., 1777. 

Barr, Johx. Sergeant of Marines, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by Capt. Simeon 
Samson; engaged Aug. 22, 1777; discharged May 20, 1778; service, 8 nios. 28 
days. 

Barr, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; service from Oct. 27 to Oct. 28, 1780, 2 days; marched to the North- 
ward on an alarm by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Barr, John, Londonderry. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Abraham Foster's co., dated Reading, March 25, 1778; residence, Londonderry; 
enlisted for town of Reading; joined Capt. Scott's co.. Col. David Henley's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, list of men in Col. Henley's regt., dated Boston, Feb. 
16, 1778. 

Barr, John. Corporal, Capt. "Walter Bicker's co., Lieut. Col. John Parke's regt.; pay 
roll for Aug., 1778. 

Barr, John. Private, Capt. Newell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt., Gen. Warner's 
brigade ; enlisted Nov. 3, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1778 ; service, 15 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention from Rutland to Enfield, Conn. 

Barr, Johx. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; service from Oct. 27 to Oct. 28, 1780, 2 days, on an alarm at the North- 
ward by order of Gen. Fellows. 

Barr, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted 
July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Barr, Joseph. Private, Capt. Francis Stone's co.. Col. James Converse's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Bennington in Aug., 1777. 

Barr, M. List of men who performed two turns of service to the credit of the town of 
Wilmington. 

Barr, Moses. Fifer, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claverack. 

Baur, Moses. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; pay 
roll for service from July 21, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780, 11 days. [See Moses Bourne.] 

Barr, Moses, Myrifield (also given Murrayfield). Descriptive list of men raised to 
reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 
5, 1780; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence. Merry- 
field ; arrived at Springfield July 22, 1780; marched to camp July 22, 1780, under 
command of Capt. AVilliam Scott ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service 
and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated 
Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Myrifield (Rowe) for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched 
July 17, 1780; discharged Dec. 9, 1780; service, 5 mos. 1 day. 



()70 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Barr, Stephen, Marblehead. Seaman, ship " Pilgrim," commanded by Capt. Joseph 
Robinson; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aujj. 2, 1780; age, 22 j'rs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Marblehead. 

Barr, Thomas. Captain Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
John Lilley's co.. Col. Crane's (3d) regt. ; return of men in service on or before 
Aug. U, 1777; also, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Stevens's regt.; receipt for clothing 
dated West Point, June 20, 1778; also. Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Barr, AVilliam, Worthington. Private, Capt. El)enezer Webber's co., wliicli marched 
April 20, 1775, in resjjonsc to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 24 days; also, 
Corporal, Lieut. Constant Webster's co. ; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Aug. 
23, 1777 ; service, 12 days ; marched from Worthington to reinforce Gen. Stark at 
Bennington. 

Barrall, CoLHtRx, Scituatc. Sergeant, Capt. Winslow's co., Gen. Thomas's regt.; 
company retxirn dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barrall, James, Scituate. Private, Capt. Winslow's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barrall, William, Scituate. Private, Capt. Winslow's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barran, Ralph. Private, 8th co., Col. John Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Feb. 15, 1777, to May 24, 1777; reported deserted. 

Barrax, William. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cowdry's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards ; service from July 2 to July 16, 1778 ; 17 days, at Winter Hill. 

Barras, John. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1777 ; service, 31 days ; marched 
to Stillwater. 

Barras, Tii.so.v. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 20, 1780 ; service, 3 days. 

Barrat, Jonathax, Schoharie. Private, Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Sargent's (28th) regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barrat, Luke. Lieut. Col. Fernald's co. ; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged April 25, 
1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barrat, Stephex. List of men in Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt. [year not given] . 

Barratt, Johx, Concord. Capt. Joseph Butler's co., Col. John Nixon's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775; also, Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 2 mos. 11 days. 

Barratt, John, Hutchinson (Barre). Capt. John Black's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported killed June 17, 1775 (given 
as Corporal in widow's petition for allowance). 

Barratt, Johx. Private, Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted June 28, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776; service, 4 mos. 3 davs, at 
Hull. 

Barratt, Oliver, Westford. Private, Capt. Wyman's co., Col. Prescott's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

Barratt, Samuel, Leominster. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Leominster for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 8, 
1780; discharged Dec. 1, 1780; service, 5 mos. 4 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 671 

Barratt, Thomas. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
fruardins stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Council 
of May 12, 1777. 

Barraw'ay, Thomas, Marblehead. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Jonathan Glover's (.Jth Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Barre, John, Palmer. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of June 9, 
1779; Capt. Spear's co., Col. Bliss's regt. ; age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in. ; com- 
plexion, light; hair, light; residence, Palmer; enlistment, 9 months; received at 
Springfield July 19, 1779, by Capt. James Cooper. 

Bakre, Joseph, Lexington. Private, Capt. Pilsbury's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dee. 31, 1780. 

Barre, William. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; engaged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 6 mos. 5 days; reported captured May 5, 
1781. 

Barrel, Colburn (also given Colson and Coleman), Scituate. Private, Capt. John 
Clapp's CO., Col. John Bailey's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 
1773 ; service, 15 days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon 
Cary's regt. ; pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxbury Feb. 12, 
1776; also, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; receipt 
for advance pay dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776 ; also, payrolls for service from 
May 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 7 mos. 2 days. 

Barrel, Daniel. Private, Capt. Mason Wottles's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's regt. ; 
return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported transferred to the invalid 
corps in Aug., 1782. 

Barrel, Elisha, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's (North Hanover) co., 2d 
Plymouth Co. regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days. 

Barrel, James, Scituate. Private, Capt. John Clapp's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days. 

Barrel, James. Private, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards ; enlisted Nov. 6, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 27 
days, at Cambridge. 

Barrel, James, Jr. Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 18, 
1775. 

Barrel, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. John Allen's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 4, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days, at Machias. 

Barrel, Noah, Scituate. Private, Capt. John Clapp's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Barrel, Noah, Abington. Private, 7th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Judah 
Alden's (7th) co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 
24, 1778. 

Barrel, Thomas, Boston. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Boston; arrived at Sprinirtield July 5, 
1780 ; men receipted for by Capt. Lieut. John Callender of the 3d Artillery bat- 
talion. 



672 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Babrell, . [This name also appears under the form of Barrall, Barrel, Barrett, 

Barriel, Barrill, Burrill.] 

Barreli., Cor-iuRN (also given Coleman), Scituate. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel AVin- 
slow's CO., Brig. Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed May 3, 177."); se^^^ce, .3 mos. 6 days; also, list of men who signed a petition 
for increase and payment of wages dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776; also, 
Private, Capt. Francis Cushing's co.. Col. John Cushiug's ('2d Plymouth Co.) 
regt. ; marched to BristolTK. I-, on an alarm in Dec, 1770 ; service, 11 days ; also, 
list of men mustered in Plymouth Co., dated March 5, 1777; Capt. Winslow's 
CO.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Sergeant, 5th co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Nov. 30, 1777; 
reported died Nov. 30, 1777 ; served at Bennington ; also, Capt. Jacol) "Wales's 
(1st) CO., Col. Marshall's regt.; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 
1777 ; reported a prisoner in 1777. 

Barrem., James. Capt. William Wyman's co., Col. John Paterson's (26th) regt.; 
order for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 16, 1775. 

Barrell, James. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted March 20, 
1781 ; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 21 mos. 10 da.vs ; also, Capt. Sylvanus 
Smith's (1st) CO., Lieut. Col. David Cobb's (5th) regt.; muster roll for Feb., 1783; 
l)alance of term of enlistment, 1 year 20 days ; reported on furlough ; joined from 
the 4th CO. 

Barrell, James, Jr. Corporal, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted March 
17, 1781; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1782; service, 9 mos. 13 days; reported as serv- 
ing 6 mos. 13 days as Private, 3 mos. as Corporal ; also, pay roll for service from 
Jan. 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 12 mos.; also, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's (1st) 
CO., Lieut. Col. Da\'id Cobb's (5th) regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1783; reported as 
serving in place of John Johnson ; joined from 8th co. ; also reported on furlough. 

Barrell, Joshia. Private, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
marched July 30, 1780, to Rhode Island; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 
days. 

Barrell, Noah, Scituate. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master, dated June 10, 1777 ; Capt. Winslow's co., 2d Plymouth Co. regt. ; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 10, 1778. 

Barrell, Tom. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. Ijy Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777 ; Capt. Pope's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. 

Barrell, William. Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 18, 
1775. 

Barren, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Pray's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsl)urgh; enlisted March 30, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; reported on command with Col. 
Swift; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts. 

B.-vRREN, Moses. Capt. Caleb Brooks's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for gun and 
blanket money allowed by Act of Nov., 1776. 

Barren, Ralph. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, Muster 
Master [year not given] ; Capt. Dunham's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; age, 36 yrs. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Barres, Daniel. List of men who served 1 mo. under Capt. Blake on a secret expe- 
dition in Sept., 1777. 

Barret, , Dr. List of men who were detached with Col. Thatcher [year not given]. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 673 

Barkkt, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's co. of volunteers, Col. Convers's 
regt. ; service, 13 days; marched from Brookfield Sept. 2.3, 1777, to join Gen. 
Gates's army. 

Barret, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. John Rand's regt.; 
enlisted July 20, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos., at West Point; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Barret, Caleb, Cambridge. Private, Capt. Bliss's co., Col. Paterson's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from 1st Cambridge co., dated May 27, 1777; joined Capt. Christopher 
Marshall's (7th) co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlistment, during war. 

Barret, Daniel, Little Cambridge. Private, Capt. McFarland's co. of invalids ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 25, 1780 ; reported 
discharged; transferred from Col. James "Wesson's regt. 

Barret, Daniel, Cambridge. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 47 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Cambridge (also given Little 
Cambridge) ; arrived at Springfield July 14, 1780 ; marched to camp July 14, 
1780, under command of Capt. Hancock ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months 
service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barret, David. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted 
June 4, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days; company ordered 
to Albany by Gen. Fellows. 

Barret, Ebenezer, Westford. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Westford for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 2, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 6 mos. 10 days. 

Barret, Eleazer. Private, (late) Capt. George King's co., Col. Hopkins's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 2, 1776; service, 18 
days, at the Highlands, N. Y. 

Barret, Eleazer. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Raymond's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 18, 1777; discharged Nov. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barret, Eleazer. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co.. Col. David Rosseter's regt., Gen. 
John Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1781 ; service, 
13 days ; marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Barret, Henry. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Starret's co.. Col. Mason Wheaton's regt.; 
pay roll for 3 days service from June 28 to July 1, 1779, at Camden, in Eastern 
department. 

Barret, Humphrey. Lieutenant ; list of men who were detached with Col. Thatcher 
[year not given] ; also, list of men who were at the capture of Gen. Burgoyne 
[year not given] . 

Barret, Isaac. Private, Capt. Reuben Butterfield's co. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; dis- 
charged March 16, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, order for wages dated 
Cortlandt Manor, Feb. 13, 1777. 

Barret, Isaac. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Dec. 4, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlistment, 
3 months; marched to Claverack. Roll dated Billerica. 

Barret, Isaac, Chelmsford. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. John Ford's co., 
Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, 
light; occupation, farmer; residence, Chelmsford; enlisted April 25, 1775. 



674 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahret, Israel, Paxton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Ralph Earl's co., dated Feb. 14, 1778; joined Capt. Brown's co., Col. Jackson's 
reirt. ; enlistment, 3 years; reported mustered April 7, 1777, by Thomas Newhall, 
Muster Master. 

Bakret, Isr.\el. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(6th) regt.; return for wages, etc., for Dec, 1782. 

Bakret, Israel. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted March 1, 
1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 12 mos. 

Barret, Jacob. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Healy's co., Col. Jonathan Ilolman's 
regt. ; service, 21 days, in Dec, 1776, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated 
Providence, R. I. 

Barret, James. Colonel, 3d Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of field ofiicers of Mass. militia ; 
commissioned Feb. 7, 177G; reported excused and Eleazer Brooks chosen in his 
place. 

Barret, James. List of men who served for 6 weeks in Dec, 177"), and Jan., 1776. 

Bakret, James. List of men in service at Ticonderoga in 1776. 

Bakret, James. Order for wages, etc., payable to Lieut. Silas Walker, dated Concord, 
March 12, 1777; service in Ith regt.; also, Private, Capt. Sumner's co., Col. John 
Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accoimts for service from March 22, 1777, 
to June 20, 1779 ; reported deserted. 

Barret, James, Maiden. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. in 1779, 
to serve in the Continental Army ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, 
light; residence, MaUlen; delivered to Ensign Edward White; (dso, list of men 
raised for the 6 months service and returned b.v Bris. Gen. Paterson as having 
passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totowa}', Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barret, Joel. Private, Capt. Samuel Hamant's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 22, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Barret, Joel, Sturbridge. List of men raised for tlie 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barret, John. Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Hutchinson, Oct. 4, 1776 ; reported killed at 
Bunker Hill. 

Barret, John. Ensign ; list of men in service at Ticonderoga in 1776. 

Barret, John. List of men hiring soldiers at time of capture of Burgoyne in 1777. 

Barret, John, Long Reach, Kennebec. Private, 7th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to May 16, 1777 ; 
reported deserted May 16, 1777 ; also, Capt. Judali Alden's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; 
return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 21, 1778 ; reported deserted June 1, 
1777. 

Barret, John, Lincoln. Corporal, Cajit. Jesse Wyman's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; roll made up from date of arrival at Rhode Island, May 10, 1777; dis- 
charged July 10, 1777, at Point Judith; service, 2 mos. 9 days; also, descriptive 
list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. agreeable to resolve of June 9, 1779; age, 
22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Lincoln; delivered to 
Ensign E. Wliite; also, Private, Col. Wesson's (9th) regt.; statement of Conti- 
nental balances [year not given] ; enlistment, 9 months. 



IN THE WAR OF TIIE REVOLUTION. 675 

Barret, Johx. Private, Capt. John "Wendell's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st New 
York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, 
during war ; reported sick at Albanj-. 

Barret, Johx, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. Asa Drury's co., Col. Turner's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 11, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 3 mos. 23 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barret, Johx. List of men who were detached with Col. Thatcher [year not given] . 

Barret, Johx. List of men forming the second guard at Cambridge in 1778. 

Barret, Johx. List of men who went with Capt. Minot [year not given] . 

Barret, John, Jr. Capt. Barret's co. ; list of men detached from Col. Brooks's regt. 
to relieve guards at Cambridge [year not given] . 

Barret, Joxas, Ashby. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Stone's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 18^ days. 

Barret, Joxas, Dracut. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of June 5, 
1780; Capt. Russell's co. ; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; 
residence, Dracut; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barret, Joxathax, Cambridge. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
1st Cambridge co., dated May 27, 1777 ; joined Capt. Sewall's (also given Capt. 
Hastings's) co.. Col. Lee's regt.; enlistment, during war; also, Private, Lieut. 
Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from March 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co.. 
Col. Jackson's regt.; muster rolls dated Pawtuxet, May 4, 1779, and Camp at 
Providence, July 13, 1779. 

Barret, Joxathax, Bolton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wright's co.. Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; arrived at camp Sept. 27, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 6, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 
29 days, at West Point. Roll sworn to in Worcester Co. 

Barret, Joxes. List of men who were detached with Col. Thatcher [year not given] . 

Barret, Jos., Salem. Steward, ship "Rhodes," commanded by Capt. Nehemiah 
Bufflngton ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 14, 1780 ; age, 29 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Barret, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel King's co. ; enlisted July 11,1775; service, 

6 mos. 5 days, at Salem and Lynn. 

Barret, Joseph. Col. Little's regt. ; abstract for clothing, etc., dated March 22, 1776. 

Barret, Joseph. Enlistment agreement dated Jan. 29, 1776, signed by said Barret 
and others, engaging themselves to serve until April 1, 1777. 

Barret, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Jabez Coif's co., Col. Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 17, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 11 days, at the 
Northward; roll dated Richmond; also, Capt. Amos Rathbun's co., Lieut. Col. 
David Roseter's regt.; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Aug. 21, 1777; service, 

7 days; also, Capt. Joseph Raymond's co.. Col. Rossiter's regt.. Brig. Gen. Fel- 
lows's brigade ; service from Oct. 14 to Oct. 17, 1780, 5 days ; marched to reinforce 
Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Barret, Joseph, Sudbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Rice's CO., Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; enlistment, during 
war. 

Barret, Joseph, Jr., Maiden. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bhiney's co., Col. Gardner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Watertowu ; service, 1 day. 



676 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 



Bahket, Lemuel, Chelmsford. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barret, Luke, Billerica. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Lincoln, July 21, 1779 ; 
Capt. Farmer's co., 7th Mass. regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, 
light; residence, Billerica ; delivered to Lieut. L. Bailey ; «7so, list of men received 
by Justin Ely, Commissioner, from Maj. Stephen Badlam, Superintendent for 
Suffolk Co., dated Springfield, Sept. 20, 1779. [Name crossed out on list.] 

Barret, Morris, Salem. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; 
enlisted March 5, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barret, Nathan. Private, Capt. Sumner's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; Continental 

Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to July 6, 1777; reported 

deceased. 
Barret, Nathan. 1st Major, Col. Eleazer Brooks's (3d) regt.; pay roll for service 

from March 4 to March 8, 1776, 5 days, at Dorchester Heights ; regiment marched 

to reinforce Continental Armj'. 

Barret, Oliver. Capt. Wyman's co.. Col. Prescott's regt. ; order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 4, 1775. 

Barret, Oliver. Private, Capt. Samuel Healy's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt. ; pay abstract for 9 days service between Sept. 9 and Oct. 1, 1779; 
also, pay roll for 21 days serAice between Oct. 31 and Nov. 24, 1779. 

Barret, Oliver, Sutton. Private, Capt. Reuben Davis's co.. Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; 
enlisted July 17, 1781; arrived at AVest Point Aug. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 1, 
1781 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barret, Philip, Concord (also given Granville). List of men raised for the 6 months 
service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Barret, Samuel. List of men in service at Ticonderoga, in 1776. 

Barret, Simeon, Chelmsford. Sergeant, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co., Col. Brooks's 
regt.; return of men in service at White Plains, Oct. 31, 1776. 

Barret, Stephen, Billerica. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Edward Farmer's co., 7th Middlesex Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined 
Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barret, Stephen. List of men who were detached with Col. Thatcher [no date]. 

Barret, Thomas. Boatswain, brigantine " Hawk," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Oakes; engaged May 3, 1777; pay roll for service, 1 mo., with the fleet under 
Commodore John Manley. 

Barret, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Walton's co. ; list of men who went to Noddle's 
Island Dec. 9, 1776, and were discharged Dec. 12, 1776; also, Capt. Walton's co., 
Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt. ; service from Sept. 3 to Sept. 4, 1778, 2 days, with 
guards at Fort No. 2, Cambridge. 

Barret, Thomas, Jr. Captain, 7th co., 3d Middlesex Co. regt.; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned April 10,1776; also, list of men hiring soldiers at 
time of capture of Gen. Burgoyne, 1777. 

Barret, Wait. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted June 

4, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days; company ordered to 

Albany by Gen. Fellows. 
Barret, Wait. Private, Capt. Adam Kasson's co., Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt. ; 

enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov, 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Clav- 

erack ; enlistment, 3 months. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. G7T 

Bahret, Wait, Alford. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 12, 
1781; Capt. Robert Bradford's eo., 2d regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; 
complexion, light ; hair, dark ; occupation, blacksmith ; residence, Alford ; enlisted 
March 10, 1780, at West Point by Corp. Conner; enlistment, during war. 

Barret, William. Private, Capt. Henrv Tiebout's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster roll for Jan.-March, 1781, dated West Point; reported 
deserted Feb. 25, 1781. 

Barretclift, Sajiuel. Matross, Capt. Callender's co., Col. Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 6, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. ; also, Lieut. 
Perkins's co.. Col. Gridley's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; re- 
ported deserted.* 

Barrett, . [This name also appears under the form of Baret, Barett, Barit, Barott, 

Barrat, Barratt, Barrel, Barret, Barrit, Barritt, Barrot, Barrutt, Berret, Berrett, 
Berut, Burrett, Burrit, Burritt.] 

Barrett, . Private, Capt. Amos Foster's co.. Col. Cyprian How's (7th Middlesex 

Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barrett, , Dr. List of men who went with Capt. Minot [year not given] . 

Barrett, Abraham. Private, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 25, 1777 ; discharged April 10, 1777 ; marched on an expedition to 
Ticonderoga. 

Barrett, Ajios, Hopkinton. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Barrett, Amos. Private, Capt. George Minot's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; pay 
roll for service from March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days, dated Watertown ; also, 
Corporal ; list of men drafted from the company commanded by Capt. George 
Minott of Concord to go to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 23, 1777; also, 
Capt. Minott's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; dis- 
charged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 25 days, in Northern department; also, 
list of men in a company commanded by Capt. George Minott of Concord in 
1778. 

Barrett, Augustine (also given Augustus), Dracut. Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Seth Newton's (4th) co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., 
dated Southborough, Feb. 16, 1778 ; residence, Dracut ; enlisted for town of South- 
borough ; joined Capt. William Scott's co.. Col. David Henley's regt. ; enlistment, 
dm-ing war ; reported mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master ; also, list 
of men in Col. Henley's regt., dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1778 ; also. Private, Capt. 
Ezra Lunt's co.. Col. Henley's regt. ; pay rolls for April and May, 1778, dated 
Providence. 

Barrett, Augustus, Shrewsburj' (also given Boston). Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's 
(5th) CO., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental Army paj' accounts for 
service from Nov. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported promoted to Corporal 
Nov. 13, 1778; deserted Aug. 14, 1779; returned Oct. 2, 1779; reduced to Private 
Oct. 2, 1779; family in camp; also. Corporal, Capt. William Scott's co.. Col. 
David Henley's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778 ; also, Capt. Turner's (9th) co., Col. 
Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; enlistment, during 
war; also, muster roll dated Camp at ProAidence, July 10, 1779; also. Private, 
Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Sept. 14, 1780; reported deserted Sept. 14, 1780. 

Barrett, Bexjamix, Ashby. Private, Capt. Samuel Stone's co., Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15^ days. 



678 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bakkett, Benjamin, Chelmsford. Corporal, Capt. Jolin Ford's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's ('i7th) regt.; enlisted April 25, 1775; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 14 days. 

Baurett, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Banister's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 22 days, at the 
Northward. 

Barrett, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at Cambridge. 

Barrett, Benjamin, Paxton. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll'sco., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 7, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 27 days; 
roll dated Providence and sworn to in Worcester Co. ; aho, descriptive list of 
enlisted men ; Capt. Maynard's co., Col. Denny's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
Gin.; complexion, light; residence, Paxton; marched July 21, 1779; enlistment, 
9 months. 

Barrett, Caleb, Cambridge. Private, Capt. Theodore Bliss's co., Col. John Pater- 
son's (26th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted June 18, 1775 ; service, 
1 mo. 16 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej-, dated Dec. 
20, 1775; aho, 4th co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Oct. 4, 1777; reported deceased; also, 
Capt. Christopher Marshall's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay al)stract for 44 days 
rations from date of enlistment, Dec. 20, 1776, to date of arrival at Bennington, 
Feb. 1, 1777; marched from Boston. 

Barrett, Caleb. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Hills's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
reported discharged Sept. 26, 1776. 

B.\.RRETT, Caleb. Pi-ivate, Capt. Edward Fuller's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; return of 
men in service [probably in Oct., 1776] ; reported wounded in liospital. 

Barrett, Daniel, Cambridge (also given Little Cambridge). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Stephen Dana's (10th) co., Col. S. Thatcher's 
(1st Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778; joined Capt. Abraham Childs's 
CO., Col. James Wesson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported mustered by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master. 

Barrett, Daniel, Cambridge. Private; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the 
town of Cambridge for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched 
June 5, 1780; discharged Dec. 15, 1780; service, 6 mos. 10 days; aho, descriptive 
list of enlisted men as returned by Joseph Hosmer ; age, 47 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 
in.; complexion, dark ; hair, dark; eyes, l)lack ; occupation, laborer; residence, 
Cambridge; enlisted Feb. 7, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Wattles's co., 
Col. Smith's regt. ; reported transferred to invalid corps Aug. 30, 1782. 

Barrett, Daniel. Col. Nixon's (6th) regt. ; account of arrears of pay, etc., due offi- 
cers and soldiers ; paid March 30, 1784. 

Barrett, Ebenezer, Westford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conlinental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Westford; arrived at 
Springfield July 6, 1780; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under comnumd of Capt. 
Dix ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned liy Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 
1780. 

Barrett, Elijah, Guilford. Private, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; roll made up for service from Aug. 1 to Nov. 1, 1776, 3 mos. 

Barrett, IIumimirey. Lieutenant; list of men in service at Ticonderoga in 1776. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE llEVOLUTION. 679 

Barrett, Hcmphret. Private, Capt. George Minot's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's re.?t. ; 
pay roll for service from March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days, dated Watertown ; 
also, Corporal, Capt. John Buttrick's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 28, 
1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 11 days; company detached from 
Col. Brooks's regt. to reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward; also, list of men iu 
the companj' commanded Ijy Capt. Minott of Concord in 1778. 

Barrett, Isaac, Chehnsford. Private, Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
(27th) regt.; enlisted April 25, 1775; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 14 days; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; age, 29 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Chelmsford; enlisted May 23, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barrett, Israel, Concord. Capt. Joseph Butler's co.. Col. John Nixon's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775; also. Corporal; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775 ; reported enlisted for Quebec. 

Barrett, Israel, Paxton. Private, Capt. Brown's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 3, 1777, to Oct. 8, 1777 ; 
reported discharged. 

Barrett, Israel. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted Marcli 9, 
1781 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1782; service, 9 mos. 22 days. 

Barrett, James, Framingham. Capt. Job Sumner's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) 
regt. ; muster return made by Col. Barber [year not given] . 

Barrett, James. Colonel ; list of men hiring soldiers at time of capture of Gen. Bur- 
goyne in 1777. 

Barrett, James. List of men hiring soldiers at time of capture of Burgoyne, 1777. 

Barrett, James. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Jonathan 
Cogswell's regt., dated Ipsmch, May 14, 1778; enlisted for town of Ipswich; 
joined Capt. William Scot's co., Col. Alen's regt.; enlistment, during war; re- 
ported a transient. 

Barrett, James. Private; list of men drafted Julj' 30, 1778, from the company com- 
manded bj' Capt. George Minott of Concord for 6 weeks service at Rhode Island 
under Brig. Gen. Sullivan. 

Barrett, James. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co. of guards ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1779 ; 
discharged May 7, 1779; service, 3 mos. 3 days in and about Boston under Maj. 
Gen. Gates. 

Barrett, James, Concord. Capt. Edmund Munro's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt. ; 
muster return made by Cols. Barret and Varrick, dated Feb. 2, 1778; also, 
Private, Capt. Munro's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from May 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for Feb., March 
and April, 1779, dated Providence ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Capt. Bowman's 
CO., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to May 4, 1780. 

Barrett, James, Maiden. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light; residence. Maiden ; arrived at Springfield July 24, 
1780 ; marched to camp July 24, 1780, under command of Capt. Soper ; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Maiden for service in the Conti- 
nental Ai-my during 1780; marched July 15, 1780; discharged Dec. 8, 1780; ser- 
vice, 4 mos. 24 days. 



G80 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barrett, James, Jr. Private ; list of men drafted July 30, 1778, from the company 
commanded by Capt. George Minott of Concord to go to Rhode Island for 
6 weelis to reinforce army under Brig. Gen. Sullivan. 

Barrett, Joel, Sturbridge. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Ai'mj' for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Sturl)ridgc; arrived at 
Springfield July o, 1780 ; marched to camp July 5, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Frothingliam of the Artillery ; also, i)ay roll for 6 months men raised by the town 
of Sturbridge for service in the Continental Army during 1780; mai'ched July 4, 
1780; discharged Jan. 5, 1781; service, 6 mos. 8 days. 

Barrett, John, Hutchinson (Barre). Corporal, Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 20, 177.t; service^ 
1 mo. 29 days. 

Barrett, John, Concord. Capt. Joseph Butler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775; also, Private; company return 
dated Winter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775; reported enlisted for Quebec. 

Barrett, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Minott's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Cambridge, Jan. 12, 1776. 

Barrett, John. Corporal, Capt. James llussell's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt., 
pay abstract for service at Dorchester for 5 days from March 4, 1776. 

Bakkett, John. Pi'ivate, return of men in the Boston regt. detached by order of 
Council of May 12, 1777, to serve under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Barrett, John, Boston. Sergeant; Gen. John Hancock's Boston Independent co., 
commanded by Lieut. Col. Ilenrj- Jackson; arrived in camp April 17, 1777; dis- 
charged Maj' 5, 1777; service, 21:J daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrett, John. Capt. John Gill's (4tli) co., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; list of 
men entitled to a bounty dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Barrett, John. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barrett, John. Private, Capt. Francis Brown's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrett, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards. Col. Ger- 
rish's regt.; muster roll dated Boston, Aug. 14, 1778; drafted July 29, 1778, 
for 6 weeks service. 

Barrett, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 7, 1778; discharged Oct. 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 days. 
Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Barrett, John. 1st Major, Boston Independent co., Suffolk Co. regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned May 10, 1779. 

Barrett, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at Claverack. 

Barrett, John, Lincoln. Capt. Dix's co., 9th regt.; enlisted Aug. 1,1779; discharged 
May 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barrett, John, Jr. List of men belonging to an Independent co. formed at BostOQf 
dated Dec. 7, 1776. 



IX TPIE ^A'AR OF Til?: REVOLUTIOX. 681 

Barrett, John- Spooxer. Drummer, Capt. "Winthrop Gray's (3d) co., Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay roll made up to Aug. 1, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 6 days ; 
also, list of men who refused to leave Boston, dated Boston, Sept. 22, 1777; also, 
Capt. Joseph Balch's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; list of men who received bounty for 
8 mos. service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777; also, Capt. Gray's co., Col. 
Crafts's regt. ; list of men who went on a secret expedition to Rhode Island, dated 
Boston, Jan. 8, 1778; also, Capt. Perez Cushing's (1st) co., Lieut. Col. Paul 
Revere's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Ai-niy pay accounts for service from May 
8, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Maj- 8, 
1780, 4 mos. 8 days, dated Boston. 

Barrett, Joxas, Ashby. Lieutenant ; list of men who served at New York for 3 mos. 
from Dec, 1776. 

Barrett, Jonas Prescott. Private, Capt. Amos Foster's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's 
(7th Middlesex Co.) regt.; enlisted July .8, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 3 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; marched to Fishkill ; company raised 
to reinforce Continental Army ; also, receipt for wages for 3 mos. ser\uce to the 
credit of the town of Dracut, dated Dracut, July 17, 1780. 

Barrett, Jonathan, Ashby. Private, Capt. Samuel Stone's co.. Col. "William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16 days. 

Barrett, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co., Col. Job Cushing's (Middle- 
sex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 
days ; marched to Bennington on an alarm ; also, Capt. Jewett's co.. Col. Samuel 
Bullard's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 29, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1777 ; ser^ice, 2 mos. ; 
marched to Saratoga. Roll dated Littleton. 

Barrett, Jonathan, Lunenburg. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Joseph Bellows's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Worcester, Feb. 14, 
1778 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's (15th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 27, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; 
also, muster roll dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 11, 1777; also, muster roll for 
Nov., 1777, dated Camp near Gulf; reported sick at Reading; also, muster rolls 
for Dec, 1777-May, 1778, dated Vallej- Forge; reported sick at Reading; also, 
muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich ; reported sick at Valley Forge ; 
also, muster rolls for Sept., 1778-June, 1779, dated Camp at Providence; reported 
on command chopping wood Sept.-Dec, 1778 ; on furlough in Feb., 1779 ; on com- 
mand at Newtown in March and April, 1779; on command at Warwick in June, 
1779 ; on command at Pound Ridge July and Aug., 1779 ; also, muster roll for Aug., 

1779, dated Camp at Salem ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1779, dated Bedford ; also, 
muster roll for Oct., 1779, dated Camp Peekskill; reported on command at North 
Castle; also, muster roll for Nov. and Dec, 1779, dated Highland; also. Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 27, 1780; reported 

• discharged Feb. 27, 1780; also reported deserted Jan. 1, 1780; also, muster roll 

dated West Point, March 27, 1780. 

Barrett, Jonathan, Cambridge. Capt. Ebenezer Winship's co.. Col. Jolin Nixon's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 22, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 27 days; 
also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, dated Boston, June 
22, 1777 ; Capt. Hastings's co., Col. Lee's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Lieut. 
Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men dated Huts, West Point, Jan. 28, 1781 ; Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Ileniy 
Jackson's (also given 9th) regt. ; age, 31 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, 
dark; hair, dark ; occupation, yeoman ; residence, Cambridge ; enlisted Jan. 1, 

1780, by Col. Jackson ; rank, Private ; enlistment, during war. 



682 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barkett, Jonathax, Cambridge. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Francis's co., 
Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, Cambridge; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1780 ; enlistment, during war ; also, Capt. Francis's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's 
regt.; list of men furlouglied; leave given by Gen. Patterson to go from New 
"Windsor to Cambridge Dec. 16, 1782, for 40 days ; overstayed 40 days on account 
of sickness ; also, Private, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's (8tli) co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for Dec, 1782-April, 1783; reported received from 
9th regt. ; also, list of men deserted ; deserted Felx 28 [year not given] from 
furlough; joined at New AVindsor March 7, 1783; also, list of men discharged; 
discharged June 10, 1783, b.v Gen. Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Barrett, Jos. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached from Bos- 
ton regiment by order of Council of May 7, 1777, to do duty under Maj. Gen. 
Heath for 5 weeks. 

Barrett, Joseph. Seaman, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Fiske ; engaged Feb. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. IG, 1777 ; service, 7 mos. 26 days. 
Rolls dated Boston. 

Barrett, Joseph. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Sargent's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt. of guards; enlisted Aug. 4, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
11 days. Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Barrett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's regt. ; 
company drafted agreeable to resolves of Sept. 16, 1777, and Feb. 13, 1779; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 15 days, at and about Boston. 

Barrett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Calel) Champney's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's 
detachment of guards; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Oct. 1, 1779; service, 
2 mos. 12 daj's, at Boston. 

Barrett, Joseph, Brookfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Danforth's co.. 
Col. Rice's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, 
Brookfield; enlisted July 14, 1779; enlistment, 9 montlis. 

Barrett, Jos'ii. Private, Capt. Natiianiel Heath's co., Col. Thomas Crafts's regt.; 
service, 1 mo. 1") days, at and about Boston ; company drafted for service agree- 
al)le to resolve of Sept. 16, 1777. 

Barrett, Joshua, Marlborough. Matross, Capt. John Gill's 4th (also given 6th) co.. 
Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; enlisted May 16, 1776 ; rolls made up to 
Nov. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 17 days; also, Guinier; pay roll for service from 
Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days; also. Bombardier; pay rolls for 
4 mos. 24 days service to Oct. 1, 1777; also, list of men who received bounty for 
8 mos. service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

Barrett, Joshua. Private, Capt. Joseph Shed's co.. Col. Joseph Gerrish's (1st) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Claverack. 

Barrett, Joshua, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men, dated July 22, 1780; 
Ward No. 8 co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt.; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 
.5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, black ; residence, Boston ; enlistment, 3 montlis; marched 
under Brig. Gen. John Fellows; also, Private, Capt. Alexander Hodgdon's co.. 
Col. Ebenezer Thaj'er's (Suffolk Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 3, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 
30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 1 day, on an alarm at Rhode Island; company raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. 

Barrett, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Peter AVoodl)ury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 1."), 1778; discharged July 30, 1778; service, 16 days, at 
Cambridge. Roll dated Lancaster. 



IX THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 683 

Barrett, Lemuel. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's 

rej,'t. ; enlisted Sept. 12, 1780; discharged Oct. 26, 1780; service, 1 mo. 19 days, 
at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Barrett, Lemuei,, Chelmsford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June o, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, light; residence, Chelmsford; arrived at Spring- 
field July 2, 1780; marched to camp July 2, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Phineas Parker; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Ijy the town of Chelms- 
ford for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 30, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Jan. 2j 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 14 days ; company raised to serve at North 
lliver. 

Barrett, Michael, Rehobotli. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. by James Leonard, 
Muster Master, dated March 17, 1778; Col. William Lee's regt. 

Barrett, Moses, Nottingham. Capt. ^Irchelaus Towne's co., Col. Bridge's regt.; re- 
ceipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 6, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Barrett, Nathan. Capt. Addison Richai-dson's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (late 
Mansfield's) 19th regt. ; receipt for wages from Sept. 1 to Oct. 1, 1775, dated Camp 
at Winter Hill ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej', dated 
Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Barrett, Nathax. 1st Major, 3d Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of field officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned Feb. 8, 1776 ; also. Lieutenant Colonel, 3d Middlesex Co. 
regt. ; list of field officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 3, 1779. 

Barrett, Nathax, Framingham. Private, Capt. Henr.y Prentiss's co.. Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 19, 1776; discharged Dec. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 
13 days; also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, April 27, 1777; Capt. Sumner's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; 
also, Capt. Job Sumner's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; return of men in 
service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; reported died July, 1777. 

Barrett, Nathaniel. Receipt for muskets, etc., dated Camp Coxhead, June 8, 1781, 
given by said Barrett and others to Capt. Benjamin Lemont. 

Barrett, Oliver, Bolton. Sergeant, Capt. Robert Longley's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; discharged April 27, 1775; 
service, 10 days. 

Barrett, Oliver, Westford. Private, Capt. Wyman's co.. Col. Prescott's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Cambridge, Oct. 3, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Armj' from Capt. Wright's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex 
Co.) regt., dated Littleton, Sept. 17, 1777; joined Capt. Thomas's co.. Col. Mar- 
shall's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported mustered by Nathaniel Barber. 

Barrett, Oliver. Private, Capt. Samuel Healy's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light In- 
fantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 6 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrett, Oliver. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., 14th regt. ; pay roll for service 
from Aug. 1, 1780, to Oct. 1, 1780, 2 mos. 

Barrett, Oliver, Sutton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Sutton; arrived at Springfield 
July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign Joseph 
Miller; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780. 



684: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bakrett, Petek. Private, Capt. George Minot's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; pay 
roll for service from March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days, dated AVatertown. 

BARiu-rr, Petku. List of men who went with Maj. Brown in 1778. 

Bakuett, Philip, Concord. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of Jnne "i, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, negro; residence. Concord ; arrived at Springfield 
July 14, 1780; marched to camp July 14, 1780, under command of Capt. Hancock; 
also, Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. llufus Putnam's (5th) regt. ; mus- 
ter roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; marched July 10, 1775; enlisted July 
14, 1780; discharged Jan. 14, 1781; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bakrett, Roger. Receipt for bounty paid him by David Bemis of Class No. 4 for the 
town of Watertown to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
Springfield, May 26, 1782; also, order for 8 mos. pay as Private, given in a 
memorandum of orders accepted on account of wages, dated Jan. 23, 1784. 

Barrett, Rufus. Private, Capt. Adam Henrj''s co. of guards detached from the 
militia; enlisted Jan. 21, 1779; discharged March 31, 1779; service, 2 mos. 12 
days, guarding troops of convention at Rutland ; also, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell's 
CO. of guards; enlisted March 9, 1780; discharged April 23, 1780; service, 1 mo. 
15 days, at Rutland. 

Barrett, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached 
from Boston regiment agreeable to order of Council of May 7, 1777, to serve under 
Maj. Gen. Heath for 5 weeks. 

Barrett, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) 
regt. of guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barrett, Samuel, Harvard. Private, (late) Capt. Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Bigelow's 
regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; also. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; Continental Army paj' accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 1, 1780. 

Barrett, Samuel, Leominster. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, ruddj- ; residence, Leominster ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 12, 1780 ; marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Gilbert. 

Barrett, Samuel, Jr. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Alexander Hodgdon's co., Boston regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 7, 1780. 

Barrett, Stephen. List of men who went with Capt. Abishai Brown in 1777 [name 
crossed out on roll] ; also, list of men who were with Capt. Brown at Nantasket 
[year not given] . 

Barrett, Stephen. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Heald's (7th) co., Col. Francis- 
Faulkner's (3d Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commis- 
sioned Feb. 4, 1779. 

Barrett, Stephen, Billerica. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16 days ; also, Sergeant, 
Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas Xixon's (6th) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Maj' 2, 1780; reported discharged May 
2, 1780; also, Lieut. Col. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts 
for Nov. and Dec, 1779, dated Soldier's Fortune. 

Barrett, Thomas, Cambridge (probably) . Private, Capt. Samuel Thatcher's co.. Col. 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 685 

Barrett, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. James Russell's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 5 daj-s service from March 4, 1776, at Dorchester. 

Barrett, Thomas. Petition dated Lincoln, Sept. 18, 1778, signed by Col. Eleazer 
Brooks, asking for the discharge of said Barrett from his commission as Captain 
of the 7th CO., 3d Middlesex Go. regt. ; allowed in Council, Sept. 18, 1778. 

Barrett, Thomas, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Boston, June 17, 
1780; Lieut. Moore's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature,. 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, brown; residence, Boston ; enlistment, 6 months; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Boston for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 22, 1780; 
service, 6 mos. 3-days ; reported Matross in Col. Crane's regt. 

Barrett, Thorntox, Winchendon. Corporal, Capt. Al^el Wilder's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Cambridge ; sei'vice, 15 daj's. 

Barrett, Wait, Alford. Private, Capt. Thomas Bradford's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, Capt. Adams Bailey's co., Col. Bailey's (2d) regt. ; return dated Boston, 
June 14, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Barrett, AVilliam, Boston. Matross, Capt. Joseph Chad wick's co., Col. Richard 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt.; company return dated No. 3, Charlestown, Sept. 30, 
1775; enlisted July 11, 1775; occupation, cabinet maker; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Barrett, "Williaji. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards ; enlisted 
Feb. 18, 1779; discharged Ma}- 17, 1779; service, 3 mos., at and about Boston, 
under Maj. Gen. Gates ; also, Corporal, Capt. Champney's detachment of guards ; 
enlisted May 18, 1779; discharged Julv 11, 1779; service, 1 mo. 24 days, at and 
about Boston, under Maj. Nathaniel Heath; also, pay rolls for service from April 
28, 1780, to May 1, 1781, 12 mos. 5 days, guarding Continental stores at and about 
Boston, under Maj. Nathaniel Heath. 

Barrett, William. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Roxbury, July 12, 1779; 
Capt. Gill's CO.; age, 42 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; 
eyes, gray ; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at place of rendezvous ; 
reported received from Maj. Badlam and delivered to Justin Ely, Commissioner, 
at Springlield by Joseph DeCoster. 

Barrett, William. Seaman, State sloop "AVinthrop," commanded by Capt. George 
Little; engaged May 24, 1782; discharged Aug. 10, 1782; service, 2 mos. 15 days; 
also. Steward, sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. Little; engaged Aug. 11, 
1782; discharged Sept. 24, 1782; service, 1 mo. 13 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Barret, James. Private, Capt. Jacob Gould's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 13 weeks; also, Capt. Gould's 
CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; stationed 
at Fort No. 2, Cambridge ; reported deserted Sept. 30, 1775. 

Barrey, James. Private, Capt. Christopher Marshall's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt.; roll made up for rations from Jan. 17 to Feb. 1, 1777, 16 days; marched 
from Boston to Bennington ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barrey, Johx. PriA-ate, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
muster roll for July-Sept., 1778, dated East Greenwich ; enlisted July 9, 1778 ; en- 
listment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; stationed at Rhode Island ; reported furloughed; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 1778, to Oct. 16, 1778, 1 mo. 15 days, dated 
East Greenwich ; reported deserted Oct. 16, 1778. 



686 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barret, Johx. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards ; enlisted May 
15, 1780; discharged June 6, 1780; service, 23 days, at and about Boston under 
Maj. Nathaniel Heatli. 

Barret, John, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Jack " (pri- 
vateer), commanded by Capt. Nathan Brown, dated July 1, 1780; age, 25 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Barret, Nathaniel, Pittstown (also given Gardnerstown). Private, Capt. Stutson's 
CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Barret, Thomas, Lynn. Drummer, Capt. David Parker's (1st) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 2 days. 

Barret, William, Pelham. Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt.; return for 
travel allowance granted Sept. 12, 1776. 

Barrie, William. Pay abstract of officers and crew of the ship "Protector," com- 
manded by Capt. John F. Williams, dated May 31, 1785. 

Barriel, Colburn, Scituate. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d 
Plymouth Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Winslow's co.. Col. Marshall's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barriel, William, Scituate. Private, Capt. Samuel Stockbridge's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 21 days. 

Bakkill, Colburn. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel AVinslow's co.. Gen. John Thomas's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Iloxbury, 
Dec. 18, 1775. 

Barrill, James, Scituate. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Brig. Gen. John 
Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 6 days. 

Bakkill, William, Scituate. Pi'ivate, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Brig. Gen. John 
Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 6 days. 

Bakkington, . [This name also appears under tlie form of Barington.] 

Barrington, George, Maiden. Private, Capt. Hatch's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Maiden, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. 
Jolin Walton's co. of guards. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; enlisted Jan. 14, 1778; 
rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service guarding troops of convention at Cam- 
bridge and Charlestown. 

Barrit, Bartholomew, Alford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Wilcox's CO., Col. Ashley's regt. [year not given] ; joined Col. Crane's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Barrit, Benjamin, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. Oliver Barron's co.. Col. David 
Green's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 da5'S. 

Barrit, Benja:min. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; service, 
7 mos. 29 days, between June 1, 1778, and Jan. 31, 1779, at Peekskill and White 
Plains ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Barrit, Benjamin. Major's co., 13th regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged April 
22, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barrit, Daniel, Little Cambridge (also given Cambridge). Private, Capt. Childs's 
(6th) CO., Col. .James M'esson's regt.; Continental Armj' pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 25, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; reported transferred to 
Invalid corps March G, 1778; also, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids 



IN THE WAK OF THE REVOLUTION. 687 

Bakkit, Daniel, continued. 

stationed at Boston ; pay roll for service from April 3, 1778, to Oct. 1, 1778 ; also, 
Lieut. Osgood Carleton's co., Col. Lewis Nicola's regt. of invalids stationed at 
Boston ; muster rolls for Aug.-Oct., 1779. 

Baueit, Edward, Concord. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middle- 
sex Co. [year not given] . 

Barrit, Israel, Worcester. Capt. Lovell's co.. Col. Denny's regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stat- 
ure, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, liglit; occupation, cordwainer; residence, Worcester; 
enlisted March 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 j^ears. 

Barrit, Jacob, Newbury. Private; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Newbury for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 3, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 8, 1781; service, 6 nios. 17 days; reported detached from town 
militia. 

Barrit, James. Major's co. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1779; discharged Ma,y 2, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 9 months. 

Barrit, Johx. • Private, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co. of guards, under Maj. Nathaniel 
Heath; enlisted Sept. 30, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days; 
company detached by order of Gen. Hancock to occupy forts in and about Boston. 

Barrit, John. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 7, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 11 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Barrit, Joseph, Framingham. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Middlesex Co. [year not given] . 

Barrit, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Henry Clark's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 9, 1778; discharged Feb. 21, 1778; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at North 
Kingston, R. I. 

Barrit, Joseph. Private, Capt. Newell's co., Col. Jacob Gemsh's regt.. Gen. "Warner's 
brigade ; enlisted Nov. 3, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1778 ; service, 15 days, guard- 
ing troops of convention from Rutland to Enlield, Conn. 

Barrit, Joseph. Capt. Wadsworth's co.. Col. Bradford's (14th) regt.; enlisted July 
10, 1779 ; discharged April 9, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barrit, Leju-el. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; discharged Dec. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; marched to Claverack. Roll dated Billerica. 

Barrit, Moses, Nottingham. Private, Capt. Archelaus To-wne's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's (27th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Nov. 20, 1775. 

Barrit, Nathan, Salem. Capt. Addison Richardson's co., Col. John Mansfield's 
regt. ; receipt for advance paj- dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, Private ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 14, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days. 

Barrit, Nathan, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgel's co.. Col. "Wylly's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance to and from camp dated Jan. 14, 1776; stationed 
at Roxbury. 

Barrit, Oliver, "Westford. Private, Capt. Timothy Underwood's co., Col. William 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 daj'. 

Barrit, Oliver, Sutton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778 ; Capt. 
Chase's co.. Col. Holman's regt. ; age 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, 
dark ; residence, Sutton. 



688 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bakkit, Oi.ivkk. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., Col. Asa Barnes's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 11, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1781 ; service, 14 days ; 
marched to Saratoga on an alarm by order of Gen. Stark. 

Babrit, Samuel. Private, Lieut. Amos Fairbanks's co., drafted from the militia. Col. 
Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1777 ; marched to reinforce army at the 
Northward Sept. 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 2-1 days, under Brig. Gen. ^Varner; 
reported furloughed Nov. 29, 1777. 

Barrit, William. Capt. Keith's co. ; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged April 22, 
1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Barritt, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barritt, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co., Col. Jolm Ashley's (Berk- 
shii-e Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 19 daj-s, 
with Northern army ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 19 to Oct. 14, 1777, 25 
days, with Northern army. 

Barritt, Johx. Capt. Joseph Butler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; oi'der for advance pay 
dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775. 

Bakkitt, John, Westford. Private, Capt. Aljishai Brown's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; pay roll for Nov., 1776, dated Camp at Hull. 

Barritt, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Minott's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Cambridge, Jan. 12, 1776. 

Barritt, Jonathan, Ashby. List of men enlisted the last of Nov., 1775, for 6 weeks; 
also, list of men drafted to serve for 3 inos., Aug. 2, 1777. 

Barritt, Moses. Capt. Archelaus Towne's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its e(iuivalent in money, dated Nov. 20, 1775. 

Bakkitt, Nathan, Salem. Private, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bakkitt, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. Cyprian How's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 7 days. 

Barritt, Oliver, Westford. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 2, 1777, to Oct. 7, 1777; 
reported deceased Oct. 7, 1777; also, Capt. Philip Thomas's co., Col. Marshall's 
regt.; roll made up for 3G days rations from Jan. 2, 1777, to date of arrival at 
Bennington, Feb. 6, 1777 ; reported marched from Boston. 

Bakkitt, Samuel. Private, Capt. Job Shattuck's co., Col. John Robinson's regt.; pay 
roll dated Cambridge, March, 1776; service, 8 days. 

Barritt, Samuel, Harvard (probably). Private, Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Bigelow's 
(15th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 11, 1779, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; reported not mustered. 

Barritt, Simeon, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded by 
Lieut. Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
9 days. 

Barritt, Simeon. Sergeant, Capt. John Moore's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, guarding troops of convention at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 mouths. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 689 

Bahkitt, Stephen, Billerica. Sergeant, 7th co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay acconnts for service from May 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Elijah Danforth's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; return of men in service 
Aug. lo, 1777, dated Camp at Peekskill; also, Lieut. Col. C. Smith's co. ; muster 
roll dated Highlands, June 12, 1779; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barkitt, Wait. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Willcox's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 31 days, 
with Northern army. 

Barron, . [This name also appears under the form of Barens, Barers, Bares, 

Barm, Barnes, Baron, Barran, Barren, Barrons, Barrow, Beron, Borrons.] 

Barron, . Captaki ; list of prisoners confined in barracks at Halifax, returned in a 

letter written l)y Edward Brooks to Honorable James Bowdoin, asking for their 
exchange, dated Halifax Barracks, Nov. 8, 1777; reported taken at Cumberland. 

Barron, Abraham. Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co., Col. James Scammon's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 1, 1775. 

Barron, Benjamin. Capt. John Ford's co. ; receipts for wages, etc., dated Ticonderoga, 
Aug. 28 and Oct. 2, 1776. 

Barron, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Silas Walker's co., Maj. Heath's detachment of 
guards; enlisted Dec. 20, 1779; discharged Feb. 1, 1780; service, 1 mo. 10 da.vs. 

Barron, Benjamin, Dracut. Private, Capt. Peter Coburn's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, receijjt 
for advance pay dated Camp at Camltridge, June 22, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; also, company 
return dated Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, receipt for blanket money dated Cambridge, 
Oct. 26, 1775 ; also, receipt for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Cambridge ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cam])ridge, Nov. 20, 1775; also, 
receipt for wages for Oct., 1775, dated Cambridge ; also, Capt. Joseph B. Varnum's 
CO., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; abstract for equipments for 1777 ; also. Sergeant, Capt. 
James Varnum's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men ; Lieut. E. Smith's co., Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt.; age, 23 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Dracut; enlisted Feb. 5, 1780, at West Point, by Capt. Peirce; enlist- 
ment, during war; also, certificate of service given by Capt. Commandant N. Dix 
of 8th regt., dated West Point, April 2, 1781; also, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's (7th) 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1783. 

Barron, Benjamin, Concord. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co.; 
age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, dark; 
occupation, laljorer (also given farmer) ; residence. Concord; enlisted March 30, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 .years ; list returned by Joseph Hosmer, Superintendent of 
Middlesex Co.; a^so, Private, Capt. John Pray's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster roll for July, 
1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for 
Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Ilutts ; also, return of men in hospital at New Windsor, 
Feb., 1783; reported discharged Feb. 17, 1783. 

Barron, Daniel, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. George Williams's 
regt.; marched to Warren, R. I., Dec. 8, 1776; service, 25 days. 

Barron, Elias, Concord. Private, Capt. Brown's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 24, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, com- 
pany return dated Sept. 30, 1775. 

Barron, Elias. Private, Capt. Joseph Hosmer's (Light Infantry) co. ; return of men 
in service in 1776. 



690 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS A>sD SAILORS 

Bakron, Eliseus. Private, Capt. J. B. Vamum's co., Col. Simeon Spaulding's regt. ; 
return of equipments for alarm list [year not given] ; also, abstract of equipments 
for train band [year not given] ; also, abstract of equipments for 1777. 

Barron, George, Boston (also given England). Descriptive list of enlisted men; 
Capt. John Lillie's co., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; age, 57 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7i in.; complexion, fair; rank. Sergeant; residence, Boston; enlisted in 
1777 by Lieut. Welsh; reported mustered by Nathaniel Barl)er, Muster Master; 
also. Bombardier, Capt. Winslow's co.. Col. Crane's (3d) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 16, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serv- 
ing 21 mos. 15 days as Bombardier and Corporal, and 12 mos. as Sergeant; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Barron, Isaac. Private, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co.. Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Barron, Isaac, Broolcfield. Private, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 
9 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. llarwood's co.. Col. Learned's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; also, 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bakkon, Isaac, Billerica. Subaltern (also given Lieutenant), Caf)t. Samuel Tay's co., 
Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt.; enlisted July 9, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; 
service, 5 mos. .3 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised in Suffolk and 
Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army ; also, Quartermaster ; engaged 
Sept. 6, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 2, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 20 days, at Peekskill ; en- 
listment, 3 months; marched to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barron, Israel. Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Elwnezer Learned's regt. ; order 
for l)ount_y coat or its equivalent in money, dated lloxbury, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Barron, Jacob. Surgeon, brig "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston ; list 
of officers; commissioned Sept. -I, 1777; also, order dated Oct. 31, 1777, securing 
the exchange of said Barron as a prisoner of war for an officer of equal rank ; 
also, list of prisoners returned by Col. Johonnott, dated Feb. 24, 1778 ; exchanged 
for Dr. Joseph Mills of ship " Maesgwin." 

Barron, John, Dracut. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 6 days ; also, Capt. Peter Coburn's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 6, 
1775; also. Corporal; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 20, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 13 days ; reported died Sept. 3, 1775 ; also, company return dated Sept. 
26, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dracut, 
Dec. 18, 1775. 

Barron, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Joseph Boynton's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted March 20, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 9 mos. 17 
days, at East Greenwich, R. I.; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Barron, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lakin's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Light 
Infantry) regt.; enlisted Sept. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 19, 1779; service, 2 
mos. 3 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barron, Joseph. Private, Lieut. John Flint's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; enlisted 
June 19, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 7 mos. 23 days; company raised 
to fortify passes of North River; also. Capt. Asa Lawrence's co., Col. Poor's 
regt.; pay rolls for June-Aug., 1778, dated Fort Clinton; also, (late) Capt. Law- 
rence's CO., Col. Poor's regt.; pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated West Point; also, 
Lieut. Flint's co., Col. Poor's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated West Point. 

Barron, Joshua, Ashby. Private, Capt. Samuel Stone's co.. Col. William Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 691 



Barron, Joshua, New Ipswich. Sergeant, Capt. Wyman's CO., Col. Prescott's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Auir. 1, 177") ; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 days; 
reported promoted from Corporal June 21, 1775; o^so, company return dated Cam- 
bridge, Oct. 3, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat, dated Cambridge, Dec. 4, 1775. 

Barrox, Jotham (also given Joxathax), Dracut. Private, Capt. Joseph B. Varnura's 
CO., Col. Spaulding's regt. ; abstract of equipments for train band [year not given] ; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Joseph Fox's (7th) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (IGtli) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from July 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
credited to town of Dunstable; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Capt. Lemuel 
Trescott's co.. Col. David Henley's regt.; pay roll for April, 1778, dated Provi- 
dence; also, Corporal, Capt. Fox's CO., Col. Henley's regt.; pay roll for Nov., 
1778; reported proiTioted to Corporal Sept. 1, 1778; also, Capt. Fox's co.. Col. 
Jackson's regt.; pay abstract for April, 1779; also, muster roll for April, 1779, 
dated Pawtuxet ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1779, dated Camp at Providence ; also, 
return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, Continental Army pa\' 
accounts for ser\ice from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 4, 1780; reported discharged July 
4, 1780. 

Barrox, Mark, Winslow. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barrox, Moses, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. Oliver Barron's co., Col. David Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days; also, list 
of men in Col. Baldwin's regt. dated May 1, 1775. 

Barrox, Moses, Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co., Col. Green's 
regr., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days; 0/50, Capt. 
James Gray's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 30, 1776; rolls 
made up to Nov. 30, 1776 ; service, 5 mos. 1 day. 

Barrox, Moses. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 20, 1778; roll made up to May 20, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Bunker Hill. 

Barrox, Moses, Jr., Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co.. Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Barrox, Nathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Minott's co., Col. Baldwin's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Cambridge, Jan. 12, 1776. 

Barron, Oliver, Chelmsford. Captain of a company in Col. David Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 16 days; also. Captain, 
serving as Ensign, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 1 mo. 13 days, with 
Northern army. 

Barron, Oliver. Capt. Wheeler's co., 4th regt.; receipt for wages due Jan. 1, 1776, 
dated Camp Mt. Washington. 

Barron, Oliver. List of men serving in 1776. 

Bahron, Oliver, Concord. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated Al- 
bany, Jan. 12, 1778; joined Capt. William H. Ballard's co., Col. Ichabod Alden's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years ; mustered by Col. Barrett; a/so, Private, Capt. Ballard's 
(also given 1st) co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's) 7th regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from April 17, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Benjamin Warren's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll dated Cherrj- Valley, 
May 4, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to April 17, 1780. 

Barron, Oliver, Chelmsford. Muster Master for Middlesex Co. ; official record of a 
ballot by the House of Representatives, dated Feb. 19, 1781 ; appointment con- 
curred in by the Council, Feb. 19, 1781, 



G92 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barkok, Oliver, Fryeburg. Private, Capt. Stephen Farrington's co. ; marched Aug. 
4, 1781; discharged Aug. 8, 1781; service, o days; expedition sent by Fryeburg 
to the relief of inhabitants of Androscoggin River; also, pay roll for service from 
Aug. 12 to Sept. 16, 1781, 1 mo. 7 days; expedition sent by town of Fryeburg to 
guard frontiers on Androscoggin River. 

Baurox, Oliver. List of men credited with 8 mos. service [year not given]. 

Barron, Ralvh, riymoutii. Private, Capt. George Dunliam's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt. ; reported deserted Maj' 14, 1777. 

Barrox, Samuel. Corporal, Lieut. Wallter's (8th) co.. Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; return 
of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle ; also, receipts for 
wages for Sept. -Dec, 1776; also, (late) Capt. 15utler's co., Lieut. Col. Nixon's 
regt.; return of men in service Jan., 1777, dated Springfield. 

Barron, Samuel. Order for wages for Dec, 1776, and Jan., 1777, payable to Sergt. 
Taggart, dated Chatham, Feb. 4, 1777. 

Barron, Samuel, Dracut. Private, Capt. Peter Coburn's co.. Col. Bridge's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; also, 'id Dracut 
CO.; list of men returned as having served 2 mos. near New York, agreeable to 
order of Congress of Sept. 17, 1776; also, Capt. Zaccheus Wright's co.. Col. 
Brooks's regt.; return of men in service at White Plains, Oct. 31, 1776; reported 
wounded; also, Sergeant, serving as Private, Capt. Joseph B. Yarnum's co. of 
volunteers. Col. Jonathan Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Nov. 
7, 1777; service, 42 days; marched to reinforce Northern army; also. Sergeant, 
Capt. Yarnum's co.. Col. Spaulding's regt. ; abstract of equipments for train band 
for 1777. 

Barron, Thomas. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached from 
Boston regt., agreeable to order of Council of May 7, 1777, to serve under Maj. 
Gen. Heath for 5 weeks ; also, Lieut. Thomas Holland's co. ; enlisted Jan. 23, 
1778; discharged May 1, 1778; service, 3 mos. 9 days; company drafted to serve 
with guards under Maj. Gen. Heath on prison ship " Kingston " in Boston har- 
bor; also, Capt. Elias Parkman's co. of guards; pay roll for service for lo days, 
from Jul}- 2, 1778, dated Boston. 

Barrons, Abraham, Sanford. Private, Capt. Morgan Lewis's co., which marched 
April 21, 177"), in response to the alarm of April 19, 177-'); service, 3 days. 

Barrons, Abraham, AVells. Sergeant, Capt. Bragdon's co., Col. Scammon's regt.; 
company return [probabh- Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775; also, list of men 
who delivered firelocks, dated Jan. 22, 1776. 

Barrons, Auraham. Private, Capt. James Littlefield's co., (late) Col. Storer's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service at Qneman's Heights, 
4 mos. 3 days, with Northern army. 

Barrons, Isaac. Lieutenant, Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wig:;lesworth's) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army ])ay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Ma}' 10, 1778; also, 
Capt. Nicholas Blaisdell's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for 
May, 1778, dated Camp at Yalley Forge ; reported cashiered May 11, 1778. 

Barrons, John, Sanford. Private, Capt. Morgan Lewis's co., which marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Barrons, Joseph, Barre. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Allen's co.. Col. 
Grout's regt.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; occupation, 
tanner; residence, Barre; enlisted Jan. 26, 1781; enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Barrons, Nathaniel, Londonderry. Private, Capt. Scott's co.. Col. Sargent's (28th) 
regt.; company return dated Oct. G, 1775; reported sick and absent. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 693 

Barrons, Nathaniel. Serjeant, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; niarclied to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 6 days; 
roll made up for travel to and from camp. 

Barrons, Timothy, Wells. Private, Capt. Samuel Saver's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mon's rest.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 4 da.ys. 

Harroxs, Timothy. Sergeant, Capt. James Littlefield's co., (late) Col. Storer's regt. ; 
enlisted Ang. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. .30, 1777, at Queman's Heights ; service, 
4 mos. 3 days, with Northern army. 

Barros, Comfort. Private, Lieut. Jeremiah Colburn's co. ; enlisted Feb. 25, 1781 ; 
discharged March- 4, 1781 ; service, 7 days, at Camden, under Brig. Gen. Wads- 
worth. 

Barros, Eleazer. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co.. Col. David Rosseter's regt., Gen. 
Fellows's brigade ; service from Oct. 17 to Oct. 19, 1780, 4 days ; marched to rein- 
force Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Barrot, Benjamin. Corporal, Capt. John Minott's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract 
for service, etc., for Dec, 1776, and Jan. and Feb., 1777. 

Barrot, Elijah, Guilford. Private, Capt. AVilliam Warner's co., Col. J. AVhitney's 
regt.; pay abstract for Nov., 1776. 

Barrot, Is.^\c, Chelmsford. List of men in Col. Baldwin's regt. dated May 1, 1775. 

Barrot, Isaac. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co.. Col. Jaco'o Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 20, 1778; discharged May 20, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Bunker Hill. 

Barrot, John, Westford. Private, Capt. Oliver Bates's co.. Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Barrot, Lemiel, Lancaster. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Beman's co., Col. 
Whitney's regt. ; age, ISyrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Lancaster; enlisted July 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barrot, Oliver, Westford. Private, Capt. John Minot's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance; service at Dorchester Heights in Nov., 1776. 

Barrot, Samuel, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Barrot, William, Boston. Matross, Capt. Joseph Chadwick's co.. Col. Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Jul}- 11, 1775; service, 
21 days. 

Barrott, Benjajiin, Chelmsford. Corporal, Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return of men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Barrott, Elijah, Guilford. Private, Capt. William Warner's co., Col. Josiah 
A\Tiitney's regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Camp at Hull, June 18, 
1776; also, pay roll for 2 mos. 21 days service from May 11, 1776. 

Barrott, Joseph. Cabin Boy, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk ; engaged March 17, 1777 ; discharged July 31, 1777. Roll dated Salem. 

Barrott, Joseph, Private, Capt. Benjamin Blaney's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. ; 
enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 23 days, 
with guards at Cambridge. 

Barrott, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joshua Parker's co., Col. Robinson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 2, 1777 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 29 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



694 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barroioe (?), Simon, Palmer. Private, Capt. David Speer's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Barrois, Ariel, 'Worthington (probably). Private, Capt. Eljenezer Webber's co., 
Maj. Jonathan Clapp's rest.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 8 days, at the Westward under Gen. Schuyler. 

Barrow, Abner. Seaman, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by Capt. Simeon 
Samson ; engaged Sept. 8, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1778 ; service, 8 mos. 12 
days; also, muster roll dated Boston, Nov. 13, 1777. 

Barrow, Amos, AVestfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
John Kellogg's co., sworn to April 5, 1779; joined Capt. Fish's co., Col. William 
Shepard's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Barrow, Asa, Middleborongh. Private, Capt. Benson's co., Col. Cotton's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

B.\RRow, Benjamin". Private, Capt. Abiel Clap's co., Col. Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) 
regt. ; marched July 24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barrow, Eben, Jr., Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's (2d) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days. 

Barrow ( ? ) , Ebenezer, Wareham. Private, Capt. Israel Fearing's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 4 days. 

Barrow, Ephraim. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, Muster 
Master, dated Nov. 4, 1777; Capt. Sparrow's co.. Col. Cyes's (Reyes's) regt.; 
also, Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Danforth Reyes's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 17, 1777; roll dated Providence, Dec. 22, 1777; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 
1778; also, pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1777, to Jan. 2, 1778, 1 mo. 2 days, 
dated Providence; also, muster roll dated North Ringston, Dec. 4, 1777. 

Barrow, Isaac. Capt. Daniel Egery's co.. Col. Timoth.y Danielson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 27, 1775. 

Barrow, Jeremiah. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co., Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; return of men who marched to camp Aug. 26, 1776, dated Dorchester; also, 
return dated Dorchester, Sept. 21, 1776; company raised for defence of Boston. 

Barrow, John, Freetown. Private, Capt. Joseph Norton's co.. Col. John Hathway's 
regt. ; service from Aug. 2 to Aug. 7, 1781, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrow, Joseph. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. l)y James Hatch, Muster 
Master, dated Oct. 7, 1777 ; Capt. Sparrow's co.. Col. Cyes's (Reyes's) regt. ; also. 
Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Danforth Reyes's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
12, 1777; roll dated Providence, Dec. 22, 1777; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1778; 
also, pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1777, to Jan. 2, 1778, 1 mo. 2 days, dated 
Providence. 

Barrow, Malachi. Sergeant, Capt. Ignatius Loring's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 4, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781 ; serAice, 3 
mos. 17 days ; enlistment 3 months ; company raised to reinforce army under 
Gen. Washington. 

Barrow, Phiebrook. Private, Capt. Abiel Clap's co., Col. Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) 
regt. ; marched July 24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barrow, Robert, Middleborough. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for tlie term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age. 
17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; residence, Middleljorough; ar- 
rived at Springfield July 17, 1780; marched to camp July 17, 1780, under com 
mand of Capt. Abner Howard. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 695 



Barrow, Robert. Private, Light Infantry co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, 
during war. 

Barrow, Thomas. Private, Capt. Stephen ChurchiU's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; enlisted March 9, 1781'; discharged March 31, 1781; service, 23 days, at 
Newport, 11. I., by order of the Governor; also, Capt. Elijah Baker's co., Col. 
William Turner's regt.; enlisted Aug. 5, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 
3 mos. 28 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barrow, Willis, Wareham. Private, Cajjt. Israel Fearing's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 4 days. 

Barrow, Zadoc. Private, Capt. S. Nelson's co., Col. Aaron Willard's regt.; pay ab- 
stract for travel allowance from Fort Edward to Plymouth via Alljany, allowed 
in Council, Jan. 28, 1777; also, pay abstract for travel allowance from Plymouth 
via No. 4 or Charlestown to Skeensborough, dated Boston, Jan., 1777. 

Barrows, . [This name also appears under the form of Barow, Barows, Barras, 

Barres, Barron, Barros, Barrouge, Barrous, Barrow, Barrus, Berrows, Borrows, 
Burroughs.] 

Barrows, Aaron, Attleborough. Corporal, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; also, order dated July 5, 1776, given 
liy Capt. Jacob Ide and company on Ephraira Newell, Town Treasurer of Attle- 
borough, for wages for service on the alarm caused by the battle of Bunker Hill; 
also, Private, Capt. Ide's co.. Col. Daggett's regt. ; service, 4 days, at Rhode 
Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Barrows, Aaron. 2d Lieutenant, Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 
1778; discharged Sept. 9, 1778; service, 24 days, on expedition to Rhode Island. 

Barrows, Abxer, Plympton. Private, Capt. John Bridgham's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; ser- 
vice, 12 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company return dated 
Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Barrows, Abner. Private, Capt. John Barrows's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 9 days ; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on 
two alarms ; also, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Middleborough. 

Barrows, Amos, Westfield. Private, Capt. Malcolm Henry's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 5, 1775; service, 2 mos.; 
also, Capt. Henry's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 9th regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 23, 1775; also, 
Capt. William Moore's co., Col. William Sheppard's (3d) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas 
Fish's CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster rolls for Oct., 1778, and March and April, 
1779, dated Providence ; enlisted Dec. 7, 1776 ; enlistment, during war ; also, Capt. 
Moor's CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser\ice from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return of men for gratuities, dated Highlands, 
Feb. 24, 1780; also, return made up to Dec. 31, 1780, dated Mountain Hutts, West 
Point ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated Jan., 1781 ; Capt. 
Moore's co., 1st Mass. regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; enlistment, during war; also, 
Capt. Moore's co., Col. Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated 
West Point; a^so, muster rolls for June and July, 1781; reported on command 



60(5 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barrows, Amos, continued. 

with tlie l)oats; also, muster roll for Au?., 1781 ; aho, iiiiistcr roll for Sept., 1781, 
dated Camp Continental Village; reported on command at block-house; also, 
muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Barrows, Andrew, Plympton. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Shaw's co., Col. James 
Warren's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"i, to Marshfield; 
service, 2 days ; also, Capt. George Hammond's co., commanded by Lieut. Joshua 
Perkins, Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt., Brig. Gen. Joseph Cushing's brigade; ser- 
vice, 14 days; marched to Bristol, II. I., on an alarm; roll dated Plympton, 
March 28, 1777. 

Barrows, Andrew D. Private, 8th co.. Col. .John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Barrows, Asa, Middleborough. Private, Cai)t. William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177-"), to Marshfield; service, 3 days; also, 
Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 177.'i ; enlisted May 3, 177") ; service, 3 mos. fi days ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Iloxbury, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Barrows, Asa, Plympton. Private, Capt. George Hammond's co., commanded by 
Lieut. Joshua Perkins, Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt.. Brig. Gen. Joseph Cushing's 
brigade; service, 14 days; marched to Bristol, R. L, on an alarm; also, return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. George Hammond's co., 1st 
Plymouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 23, 1778; enlistment, 8 months, to expire May, 
1778 ; reported " never marched or never called for ; " mustered by James Hatch, 
Muster Master. 

Barrows, Asa. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co., Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 17S0; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days. 

Barrows, Benaiah. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt. ; service from July 27 to July 31, 1780, 5 days ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., 
on a 6 days campaign ; roll dated Attleboroush ; also, Capt. Samuel Robinson's 
CO., Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; service from July 31 to Aug. 8, 1780, 8 days ; marched 
to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm ; roll sworn to at Attleborough ; also, pay roll for 
service from March 6 to March 14, 1781, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 
Roll sworn to at Attleborough. 

Barrows, Benjamin, Shutesbury. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickenson's co.. Col. Ben- 
jamin Ruggles Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, 
from Amherst ; service, 11 days ; also, receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, 
July 27, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1 , 1775 ; enlisted May 1 , 1775 ; service, 
3 mos. 8 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Pros- 
pect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Barrows, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Washburn's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, with guards at Cambridge; 
reported discharged Dec. 16, 1777. 

Barrows, Benjamin, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Robinson's co.. Col. 
Wade's regt.; enlisted June 21, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 22 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, Benjamin. Private, Capt. William Crow Cotton's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 29. 177S; disciiarged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 
1 mo. in days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, Benjamin, Plympton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. 
in 1779 to serve in the Continental Army ; a,'e, 60 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Plympton ; delivered to Ensign J. Hubljel. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 697 

Barrows, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Samuel Robinson's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; 
service from July 31 to Auj;. 8, 1780, 8 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an 
alarm ; roll sworn to at Attleborouj!;li ; also, pay roll for service from March 6 
to Marcli 14, 1781, U days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at 
Attleborou.srli. 

Bakrows, Calkh. Private, Capt. Samuel Gres^g's co.. Col. James Cargill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 25, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 17 days; com- 
pany stationed at St. Georges, "Waldoborough and Camden. 

Barrows, Comfort. Private, Capt. Stephen Richardson's co.. Col. George Williams's 
regt.; marched_from Attleborough Sept. 25, 1777, on a secret expedition; dis- 
charged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Barrows, Daniel, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. George Wil- 
liams's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth, on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 25 days; also. Capt. Josiah King's co., Col. John Dag- 
gett's regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 8 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, David. Capt. James Hills's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; list of men in 
service at Bristol, R. I., for 3 mos. from Dec. 28, 1776. 

Barrows, Ebexezer, Jr., Middleborough. Private, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co., 
Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to Rowland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 12 da}'s; also, Corporal, Capt. John Barrows's co.. Col. 
Sprout's regt. ; enlisted Ma.y 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 
1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 da}'s; marched from Middleborough 
to Dartmouth on two alarms; also, Sergeant, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer White's regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 
9 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, Elijah, Attleborough. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. John 
Dagget's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; 
also, order dated July 5, 1776, given bj' Capt. Jacob Ide and company on Ephraim 
Newell, Town Treasurer of Attleljorough, for wages for service on the alarm 
caused by the battle of Bunker Hill ; also, Capt. Elisha May's co. ; service, 2 mos., 
between Sept. and Nov., 1776, at New York ; also, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., 
Col. John Daggett's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1777; 
service, 25 days. 

Barrows, Elijah. Clerk, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 10 days. 

Barrows, Ephraim, Shutesbury. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickenson's co.. Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amherst; ser- 
vice, 16 days. 

Barrows, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Thomas Samson's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.. Gen. Palmer's brigade ; service from Sept. 25, 1777, to Oct. 27, 1777, 1 mo. 2 
days ; marched on a secret expedition against Newport, R. I. 

Barrows, Ephraim. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as returned Nov. 4, 1777; 
Capt. Sparrow's co.. Col. Robinson's regt. 

Barrows, Ephraim, Plympton. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 10, 1778; 
Capt. Ham — 's ( ? ) co., Col. Cotton's regt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark ; residence, Plympton. 



698 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AM) SAILORS 

Barrows, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 raos. 1 day, at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Barrows, Ezra. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
rejrt. ; service from July 27 to July 31, 1780, 5 days ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., 
on a 6 days campaign. Roll dated Attleborough. 

Barrows, George. Private, Capt. Amos Washburn's co., Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days. 

Barrows, Gideon. Order dated July 5, 1776, given Ijy Capt. Jacob Ide and com- 
pany on Ephraim Newell, Town Treasurer of Attleborough, for wages for service 
on the alarm caused bj' the battle of Bunker Hill. 

Barrows, Gideon, Wrentham. List of men drafted into Capt. Fisher's co., who 
marched to Horse Neck under Col. Mcintosh [year not given]. 

Barrows, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Samuel Gregg's co.. Col. James Cargill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2'), 177o; discharged Dec. 31, 177"); service, 4 mos. 17 days; com- 
pany stationed at St. Georges, Waldoborough and Camden. 

Barrows, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Philip M. Ulmer's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt. ; service from July 8, 1779, to Sept. 24, 1779, 2 mos. IG days, on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Barrows, Isaac, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Daniel Egery's co., which marched April 
21, 1773, in response to the alarm of Ajiril 19, 1775; service, ."> days; also, Capt. 
Egery's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, company return dated Rox- 
burj', Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 1)ounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Nov. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; enlisted April 
15, 1776; service, 7 mos. 13 days, at Dartmouth. 

Barrows, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. David Nye's (14th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt. ; 
service from Dec. 7 to Dec. 10, 1776, 3 days ; marched to Elizabeth Islands on an 
alarm ; also, pay roll for service from Dec. 10 to Dec. 19, 1776, 9 days, at Rhode 
Island, on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; also, Capt. Nye's (2d Wareham) co., Col. 
Sprout's regt. ; service, 7 days ; marched to Dartmouth Sept. 5, 1778, on an alarm. 

Barrows, Isaac. Corporal, Capt. David Nye's co., Col. Sprout's regt.; service, 7 
days, at Falmouth, from Sept. 5, 1778. 

Barrows, Isaac. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. Carpenter's regt.; marched 
July 28, 1780, to Tiverton, R. I. ; service, 4 days. 

Barrows, James. Private, Capt. Joshua White's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt. ; 
drafted Sept. 20, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1776 ; service, 60 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Barrows, James. Private, Capt. Silas Hollis's co., Col. John Robinson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1777 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1778 ; service, 5 mos., on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Barrows, James, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Elisha Haskell's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Hawes's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from July 29, 1778, to Sept. 11, 1778, 1 mo. 
14 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, John, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's (2d) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days. 

Barrows, John. Private, Capt. Amos Washburn's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service from May 6 to May 7, 1778, 2 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth. Roll 
dated Middleborough. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 699 

Bakhows, John, Middleborough. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Nehemiah Allen's (3d) co., 
4th Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 9, 
1776; a/so, Capt. Joshua White's co., Col. Joiin Gushing, Jr. 's regt.; company 
mustered from Brig. Gen. Cusliing's (Plymouth Co.) brigade and Brig. Gen. Otis's 
(Barnstable Co.) brigade for service at Rhode Island; list dated Oct. 30, 1776; 
also, paj' roll for service from Sept. 20 to Nov. 20, 1776, 60 days, at Rhode Island; 
also, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co.. Col. Eljenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to 
Howland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 'S, 1776; service, 12 days; also, 
Captain, Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; company ser\-ed as guards near Boston from 
April 2 to July 2, 1778; also. Col. Sprout's regt. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 6 
to Sept. 12, 1778, 6 days ; naarched from Middleljorough to Dartmouth on an alarm. 

Barrows, John. Private, Capt. Josiah King's co., Col. Mitchel's ^Bristol Co.) regt., 
commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days. Roll 
dated Taunton. 

Barrows, John, Taunton. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co.. Col. John Ilathaway's 
regt.; service, 23 days, in April, 1777, at Rhode Island; also, descriptive list of 
men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780, as returned by James Williams, 
Superintendent of Bristol Co. ; age, 35 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light ; 
occupation, blacksmith; residence, Taunton; enlistment, 3 years; marched to 
Springfield to be delivered to Col. Shepherd; also. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; muster rolls for April and Ma}-, 1781, 
dated West Point; enlisted Feb. 27, 1781; also, muster roll for June, 1781; 
reported on detachment ; also, muster rolls for July-Nov., 1781 ; reported on com- 
mand with Col. Scammell; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781-Feb., 1782, sworn to 
at West Point; reported sick in Pennsylvania in Dec, 1781. 

Barhows, Jonathan, Plympton. Private, Capt. William Attwood's co.. Col. Warren's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 2 days. 

Barrows, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Thomas Samson's co.. Col. Theophilns Cotton's 
regt.. Gen. Palmer's brigade ; service between Sept. 25 and Oct. 27, 1777, 24 days ; 
marched on a secret expedition against Newport, R. I. 

Barrows, Joseph, Plympton. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Attwood's co.. Col. 
Warren's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; 
service, 2 days. 

Barrows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1777; service, 3 nios. 19 days, at 
Rhode Island; roll dated Providence; also, muster roll for Nov., 1777, dated 
North Kingston. 

Barrows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., Col. John Daggett's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1777 ; service, 25 days. 

Barrows, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. George Hammond's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Joshua Perkins, Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt., Brig. Gen. Joseph Cusliing's 
brigade; service, 14 da3's; marched to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm. Roll dated 
Plympton. 

Barrows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ichabod Bonney's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; marched Oct. 19, 1778; discharged Dec. 11, 1778; service, 1 mo. 26 days, 
at Castle Island. 

Barrows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 31, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; 
service, 10 days. 



700 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Barrows, Malachi, Plympton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. George Hammond's (;ist Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 23, 1778; joined 
Capt. Dunham's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; age, 17 yrs. ; also, 
Private, 8th co., Col. John Bailey's (1st) regt.; Continental Ai-my pay accounts 
for service from March 6, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. George Dunham's 
(8th) CO., Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men in service before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, 
certificate of enlistment dated Plympton, Oct. 19, 1779, given by George Hammond, 
Captain of 4th Plympton co. ; also, Capt. McFarland's invalid corps ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 21, 1780 ; reported trans- 
ferred from Col. Bailey's regt. ; also reported discliarged. 

Barrows, Malachi. Sergeant, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co.. Col. John Jacoljs's regt. ; 
enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 1 day, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; company detached from militia to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Barrows, Moses. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; en- 
listed July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 17S0; service, 2 mos. 29 days, at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached from militia to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Baurows, Moses. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co., Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781 ; enlisted May 10, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 
years ; reported sick in camp in 3u\y, 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781- 
Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Barrows, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. James Hills's co., Col. Carpenter's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 12, 177fi; discliarged Dec. 23, 1776; service, 12 days, on an alarm at Bristol, 
R. I. ; roll dated Bristol ; sworn to at Rehoboth. 

Barrows, Nehemiah, Jr., Rehoboth. Private, Capt. Phanuel Bishop's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, list of men who 
served in the 1st co. of Rehoboth for 5 mos. at York, dated July, 1770; also, list 
of men who were drafted to serve 1 mo. in Rhode Island, dated July 17, 1777; 
also, list of men who were drafted to serve for 3 mos. guarding stores at Rhode 
Island, dated Dec. 29, 1777. 

Barrows, Peleg, Plympton. Private, Capt. Jolin Bridgham's co.. Col. Cotton's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; service, 3 days. 

Barrows, Peleg. Corporal, Capt. George Hammond's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Joshua Perkins, Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt.. Brig. Gen. Joseph Cushing's bri- 
gade ; service, 14 days ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm. Roll dated Plymp- 
ton. 

Barrows, Philhrook, Attlel)orough. Private, Capt. Jacob Ide's co.. Col. Daggett's 
regt.; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 8 days; 
also, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., Col. Thomas Cari)enter's regt.; service from 
July 27, 1778, to Aug. 12, 1778, 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. 
Jabez Bullock's co., Col. Carpenter's regt.; service from July 27 to July 31, 1780, 
5 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm. 

Barrows, Rei-ren. Private, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. Ebenezer Wliite's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Barrows, Rohert. Matross, Capt. Timothy Ingraham's co. ; service from March 1, 
1778, to May 1, 1778, 2 mos. 1 day, at the fort at Dartmouth. 

Barrows, Robert. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co., Col. Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 2, 1778; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 701 



Bakkows, Robert, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's co., Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from July 20, 1777, to Aug. 2", 1777, 1 
mo. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Nehemiah Allen's co.. Col. 
Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; service, 31 days, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island 
in Sept. and Oct., 1777 ; also, pay roll for G months men raised by the town of Mid- 
dleborough for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 11, 
1780; roll made up to Sept. 11, 1780; service, 2 mos.; enlistment, during war; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 2.'), 1780 ; 
also, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., 14th regt. ; pay roll for Aug. and Sept., 1780 ; also, 
Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; muster rolls for 
Jan.-May, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster roll for June, 1781 ; reported on 
command wTth boatmen ; also, muster rolls for July and Aug., 1781 ; reported on 
command with Maj. Derby; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; also, muster rolls 
for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts; reported on command in the Gen- 
eral's barge in Jan., 1782 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782 ; 
Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 
in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; enlisted July, 1780; en- 
listment, during war; also, list of men discharged from Col. Brooks's regt.; dis- 
charged June 10, 1783, by Gen. Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Barrows, Samvel, Wareham. Private, Capt. John Bridgham's co.. Col. Cotton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 

5 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Barrows, Samvel, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Isaac Woods's (2d) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days ; also, 
Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to How- 
land's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; ser^ice, 12 days; also, Capt. 
John Barrows's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; pay roll for service from May 

6 to May 9, 1778, 3 days ; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on an alarm. 

Barrows, Samuel. Private, Capt. Henry Pierce's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
enlisted March 8, 1781 ; discharged March 31, 1781 ; service, 26 days ; marched on 
a 40 days expedition to Rhode Island by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Barrows, Samuel, Jr. Private, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days; roll sworn to at Middleborough; also. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(10th) regt-;" enlisted May 4, 1781 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1782; service, 7 mos. 
28 days. 

Barrows, Simeon. Corporal, Capt. George Hammond's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Joshua Perkins, Col. Thomas Lothrop's regt.. Brig. Gen. Joseph Cushing's bri- 
gade; service, 14 days; marched to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm. Roll dated 
Plympton. 

Barrows, Simmoxs, Plympton. Corporal, Capt. William Attwood's co., Col. War- 
ren's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
2 days. 

Barrows, Simon, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Stephen Richardson's co.. Col. George 
Williams's regt. ; marched from Attleborough on a secret expedition Sept. 2o, 
1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days; also, Capt. Alexander 
Foster's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; service from July 27, 1778, to Aug. 
12. 1778, 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, Thomas. Private, Capt. Abijah Rowlee's co. ; list of men dated July 6, 
1775. 



702 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barrows, Thomas, North Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Benjamin Parker's co.. Col. 

Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 25 [probal)ly 1778] for service at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Barrows, Tilsox, Lanesborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Meloomscuj-ck Aug. 14, 1777, on an alarm; service, 6 daj^s. 

Barrows, AVii.i.iam, Plympton. Private, Capt. Jolm Bridgham's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; ser- 
vice, I'i days; reported enlisted into tlie arm\-; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 da.vs; also, company return dated 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Bridgham's co.. Col. William Prescott's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Barrows, William. Capt. William Courtis's co., Col. John Glover's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Beverly, Jan. G, 1776. 

Barrows, William. List of men drafted by Capt. Thomas llubl)ard, dated Concord, 
Aug. 14, 1777. 

Barrows, AVilliam. List of men wlio served with guards at North River, agreeable 
to resolve of April 18, 1778. 

Barrows, William, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; also, Capt. Jacob Ide's co., Col. 
Daggett's regt.; marched to Rliode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
4 days; also, Capt. Stephen Richardson's co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; 
mardied from Attleborough on a secret expedition Sept. 25, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days; also, Capt. Elisha May's co., Col. John 
Daggett's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 23, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 2, 1778 ; service, 11 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Barrows, Zadoc, Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Plymouth Co. regt. [year not given] ; mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master; 
enlistment, 9 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Barrs, . List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 

Ticonderoga, Nov. 6, 1776; served as 2d Lieutenant in Pennsylvania Artillery co. 
in place of 2d Lieut. Daniels, advanced. 

Barris, Aaron. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt. ; service from Aug. 17 to Sept. 9, 1778, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Barris, Carvkr. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; en- 
listed July 31, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 1 day; enlistment, 
3 months; company detached from militia to reinforce Continental Army at 
Rhode Island. 

Barris, Jeremiah, Richmond. Capt. Oliver Capron's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
(24th) regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 24, 1775; 
also. Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 
mos. 21 daj's; «7.so, compan.v return [probably Oct., 1775] ; a/.w, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Richmond, Nov. 26, 1775. 

Barrvs, Jonathan, Western. Private, Capt. Reuben Read's co.. Col. Jonathan War- 
ner's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Roxbury ; service, 25 days. 

Barrvs, Jonathan. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; enlisted June 27, 1777 ; roll made up to Dec. 22, 1777 ; enlistment, 6 montlis ; 
return made by Andrew Brown, Deputy Muster Master; roll dated Providence, 
R. I.; also, list of men who received arms from the province, dated North King- 
ston, Dec. 15, 1777- 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 703 

Barrus, Nathan, Richmond. Capt. Oliver Capron's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
(24th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 24, 177.t; 
also. Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177-) ; enlisted May .5, 177."); service, 3 
mos. 4 days; also, companj- return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 19, 1775. 

Barrvs, Philbrooks. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; marched from Ileholioth to Tiverton, R. I., Aug. 1, 1780, on the alarm of 
July 31, 1780, under Gen. Heath ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days. 

Barrus, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; roll made up from 
Jan. 1, 1782, to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 12 mos. 

Barry, . [This name also appears under the form of Barre, Barree, Barrey, Barrie, 

Baruy, Bary, Bearrey, Bearry, Berry.] 

Barry, Amos, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; return 
of men in service from Dec. 6, 1776, to March 1, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for gun 
and blanket money, dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777; reported served at Dorchester 
Heights. 

Barry, Daniel. Private, Capt. Thomas Bumstead's co. ; list of men detached from 
Boston regt., agreeable to order of Council of May 7, 1777, to serve under Maj. 
Gen. Heath for 5 weeks. 

Barky, Datha. Private, Capt. Isaiah Stetson's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 4, 1777; joined Jan. 29, 1777; reported deserted. 

Barry, Ephraim. Private, Capt. Benjamin Nye's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 19, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 mos. 29 days, at 
Dorchester. 

Barry, George, Petersham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Ai-my from 
Capt. How's and Capt. Spooner's cos., 7th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 30, 
1777; joined Lieut. Isaac Barron's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Barry, James, Weymouth. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, May 25, 1780; Col. Putnam's regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; occupation, farmer ; residence, Weymouth. 

Barry, James. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted Feb. 13, 1781 ; 
service, 2 mos. ; reported deserted April 13, 1781. 

Barry, James, Jr. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted April 22, 
1781; service, 1 mo. 16 days; reported transferred to sappers and miners June 1, 
1781. 

Barry, John, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Oilman's co.. Col. John Nixon's 
(5th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Aug. 11, 1775; also, com- 
pany return dated Sept. 30, 1775; reported on furlough; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Barry, John. Private, Capt. Silas Fowler's co.. Col. John Mosley's regt.. Brig. Daniel- 
son's brigade; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 
days; marched to Saratoga. 

Barry, John, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st Hollis- 
ton CO., dated Feb., 1778; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of HoUiston; 
joined Capt. Orringh Stoddard's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.. Gen. Cushing's 
brigade (also given Capt. Robert Allen's co.. Col. Alden's regt.) ; enlistment, dur- 
ing war ; reported mustered hj Nathaniel BarVjer, Muster Master ; also. Private, 
Capt. Stoddard's co., Col. Joseph Yose's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Sept. 1, 1778, to Oct. 25, 1778; reported sick or deserted; also, 
muster rolls for Nov., 1778, Jan., Feb. and April, 1779, dated Providence ; reported 
sick at Attleborough in April, 1779. 



704 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bauuy, John. Private, Capt. John Spoor's cc, Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; companj' raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barry, John, Rutland. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Cunningham's co.. Col. 
Grout's regt.; age, 41 yrs.; stature, .5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; occupation, 
joiner ; residence, Rutland ; enlisted March 12, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barry, John. Seaman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; en- 
gaged Jan. 14, 1779; reported "run" Jan. 21, 1779. 

Bakry, John Nichols. Cai)t. John Jones's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 14, 1775. 

Barry, Jonathan-. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Ide's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; 
marched from Rehoboth to Tiverton, R. I., under Gen. Heath, Aug. 1, 1780, on 
the alarm of July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days. 

Barry, Joseph, Oakham. Private, Ca])t. Hazeltine's co., Col. Fellows's regt.; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Barry, Joskph. Private, Col. Calvin Smith's regt.; pay abstract for Oct.-Dec. 1780, 
dated Boston ; enlistment, during war. 

Barry, Joshua. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Manasseh Marston's co., Boston regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 7, 1780. 

Barry, Redmond. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Boston, June, 1780; Capt. 
Brailsford's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 35 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
8 in. ; complexion, dark; enlistment, 6 months from July, 1780. 

Barry, Thomas, L.vnn. Private, list of men belonging to Lynn, now called Lynn, 
Lynnfield and Saugus, who served at Concord battle and elsewhere. 

Barryong, Dominoo, Boston. Seaman, brig " Prospect," commanded by Capt. Joseph 
Vesey; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 20, 1781; age, 40 yrs.; 
stature, 4 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light. 

Bars, Daniel. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; roll made up 
to Sept. 1, 1776; service, 3 mos., at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barse, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ignatius Loring's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's (Plj'm- 
outh Co.) regt., enlisted Sept. 4, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781; service, 3 mos. 
17 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce army under Gen. 
"Washington. 

Barse, Daniel. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 
1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 2 mos. 21 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barse, George. Private, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co.. Col. Zenath Winslow's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Barse, Gideon. Private, Capt. Joseph Cole's co., Col. Rol)inson's regt.; service from 
July 12, 1777, to Jan. 1, 1778, 5 mos. 19 days, on an alarm at Rliode Island. 

Barse, Hezekiah. Corjjoral, Capt. Josejih Soper's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 8 days, under direction of field officers of 1st Plymouth Co. regt. 

Barse, Isaac. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from Fel). 28, 1777, 
to April 20, 1777, 1 mo. 23 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barse, Judah. Corporal, Capt. Ebenezer Baker's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 4, 1777; service, 28 days, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island; marched 
to Tiverton, R. I. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 705 

Barse, Prince. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; roll made 
np to Aug. 31, 1776; service, 3 mos., at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barse, Simeox. Private, Capt. Nathan Basset's co., Maj. Zenath Winslow's regt. ; 
service, 2 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Bakse, Solomon. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; service, 2 mos. 11 days, between 
June 1, 1776, and Sept. 1, 1776 ; stationed at Elizabeth Islands. 

Barslet, Barnabas. Seaman, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams ; engaged May 12, 1779 ; roll made up to Sept. 6, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 9 
days. 

Barsley, John. Private, Capt. Simeon Fisher's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 2 
days, in Sept., l779; marched on an alarm at Falmouth by order of Brig. Otis. 

Barss, Simeon, Chatham. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co.. Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 15, 1777 ; ser- 
vice, 16 days. 

Barss, Thomas, Kingston. Private, Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co., Col. Cotton's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 2 mos. 14 days. 

Barster, Nathaniel, Scituate. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dyke's 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., to and from camp dated Nov., 1776 ; service 
at Dorchester Heights. 

Barsto, Jajies. Receipt for bounty given to selectmen of Harpswell, dated Harps- 
well, June 8, 1775. 

Barstor, Jacob. Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched May 20, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Little Compton, R. I. 

Barstow, . [This name also appears under the form of Barster, Barsto, Barstor, 

Basto, Bastow, Bastrow, Beastow, Bersstow, Bester, Beston, Bestor, Bestow, Bisto, 
Brastow, Brestow.] 

Barstow, Benjamin, New Castle. Private, Capt. George White's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 2, 1777, to 
Dec. 29, 1779 ; credited to town of Bristol ; also, pay roll for 81 days rations from 
date of enlistment, Jan. 2, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington; also, muster 
roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; enlistment, 3 years; reported on com- 
mand at the Lines. 

Barstow, Caleb, Pembroke. Private, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; marched Sept. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Barstow, Charles. Private, Sergt. Enos Dean's detachment of guards; service, 1 
day, preventing Highlanders (prisoners) escaping from Taunton jail, on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Barstow, Charles, Taunton. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Fales's (Artillery) co., Col. 
G. Williams's regt., Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Slade's Ferry in Swan- 
zey, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 26 days; also, Capt. Josiah 
Crocker's (Artillery) co., Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Tiverton, 
R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days; endorsed "Col. Mitchell's 
regt." 

Barstow, Charles. Private, Capt. Samuel Fales's co.. Col. J. Daggett's regt. ; marched 
Jan. 6, 1778; discharged April 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; company drafted to serve under Gen. Spencer for 3 mos. from 
Jan. 1, 1778. 



706 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barstow, Hatherlt, Hanover. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Gen. John Thomas's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Dec. 22, 1775. 

Barstow, Isaac. Private, Capt. William Lithfrow's co. ; pay rolls for service from 
May 31, 1776, to Nov. 23, 1776, 5 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth. 

Barstow, Jacob, Pembroke. Sergeant, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. John Cushing's 
regt. ; marched to Khode Island on the alarm of Dec. 9, 1776 ; service, 17 days ; 
also, Private, Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; marched Sept. 
28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days, at Rhode Island. 

Barstoav, James. List of men who received blankets from selectmen of Harpswell 
dated Harpswell, Aug. 12, 1775; joined Capt. James Curtis's co., Col. Finney's 
regt.; also, Private, Capt. Nehemiah Curtis's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's regt.; 
enlisted July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days, on an 
expedition to Penobscot. iloU dated Harpswell. 

Barstow, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co. ; marched July 27, 1775 ; service,. 
5 mos. 18 days, under direction of field officers of 1st Plymouth Co. regt. 

Barstow, J.\mes. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Barstow, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. John Howard's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; Council warrant dated May 4, 1778 ; service, 30 days, at the reduction of 
Gen. Burgoyne's army. 

Barstow, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Woodbury's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's 
regt.; marched July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12^ days, at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Sutton. 

Barstow, Jom. Private, Capt. John Tyler's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; return of 
men in service Dec. 10, 1775. 

Barstow, Job. Private, Capt. Freedom Chamberlin's co., Col. Cary's regt. ; return of 
men at Cortlaudt Manor, Nov. 22, 1776. 

Barstow, Job, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's (North Hanover) co., 2d 
Plymouth Co. regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days; also, Capt. William Turner's co.. 
Col. John Bailey's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance [.year not giveii] ; com- 
pany reported to have joined Col. Bailey's regt. Dec. 10, 1775 ; also, Capt. Lemuel 
Curtis's CO., Col. Anthony Thomas's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from March 5 
to March 9, 1776, 4 days ; marched to Cohasset on an alarm. 

Barstow, Job. Private, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Nov. 6, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 27 days, at 
Cambridge. 

Barstow, Jos., Duxbury. Private, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted July 1, 1778 ; service, 6 mos. 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Barstow, Joseph. Fifer, Capt. Ichabod Bonney's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
marched Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 11, 1778; service, 2 mos. 11 days, at Castle 
Island. 

Barstow, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 8, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 mos. 23 days, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months; comj)any raised to reinforce Continental Army. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 707 

Barstow, JosKPir. Private, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted July 26, 1780; discliarf,'ed Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 inos. 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Barstow, Joshua, Hanover. Sergeant, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also. 
Ensign, Capt. Turner's co.. Gen. John Thomas's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, 2d 
Lieutenant; company return [probablj' Oct., 1775] ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Artil- 
lery CO., 2d Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia [year not given]. 

Barstow, Natiianiee, Scituate. Fifer, Capt. Galen Clapp's (2d) co., Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19, 1775; service, 1 day; also, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Anthony Thomas's 
regt. ; service from March 24 to March 29, 1776, 5 days ; marched from Scituate to 
Hingham on the alarm at the taking of Dorchester Heights ; also, Lieut. Anthony 
Waterman's co.. Col. John Cusiiing's regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the 
alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; service, 15 days. 

Barstow, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Jacoljs's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Nov. 3, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
16 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barstow, Samuel, Hanover. Private, Capt. Robert Lenthall Eells's (South Hanover) 
CO., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Marshfield ; service, 3 days, under the direction of field officers of 2d Plymouthi 
Co. regt. ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co., Brig. Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Maj' 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Barstow, Samuel, Jr., Hanover. Lieutenant, Capt. Robert Lenthall Eells's (South 
Hanover) co., which inarched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days, under the direction of field officers of 2d 
Plymouth Co. regt. 

Barstow, Thomas, Scituate. Private, Capt. Galen Clapp's (2d) co.. Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; 
also, Capt. "William Turner's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; pay abstract for travel 
allowance [year not given] ; company reported to have joined Col. Bailey's regt. 
Dec. 10, 1775. 

Barstow, AVilliam, Sutton. Private, Capt. Arthur Dagget's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week, 1 daj'; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bart, John. Account of bounty paid him by the town of Adams to serve in the Con- 
tinental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Adams, Sept. 17, 1781. 

Bart, John 0. Seaman, sloop "Defence," commanded by Capt. James Nivens; 
engaged July 12, 1781 ; discharged Sept. 26, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 14 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Bartaex, Nicholas, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. Col. L. Robin- 
son's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 29, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. 4 days ; regiment raised in York 
and Suffolk counties. Roll dated Roxbury. 

Bartaix, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
13 daj's, at New London, Conn. 

Bartall, Daniel. Boy, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Poster Williams; engaged Feb. 1, 1777; discharged Feb. 17, 1777; service, 17 
davs. 



708 ^lASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahtarach, Joseph. Private, Capt. Isaiah Boudrean's co., Col. Jonathan Eddy's 
regt. ; enlisted Nov. 14, 1776; discharged Feb. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos. ; company- 
raised in Cumberland Co., N. S. 

Bartf.av, Joseph. Seaman, frigate "Boston," commanded by C:ipt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged June 26, 1779; reported in tlie prize " Mermaid." 

Baktelet, Mark, Middleton. Private, Capt. Samuel Flint's co., Col. Jolinson's regt.; 
return for mileage from Scarsdale home, allowed in Council, July 27, 1778. 

Bartelett, Mark. Private, Capt. Samuel Flint's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 25, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bartex, Bezalkel, Sutton. Private, Capt. Arthur Dagget's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177."J ; service, 8 days. Roll dated Camp at Roxbury. 

Bartex, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Joseph Noyes's co. ; enlisted July 11, 1775; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at Falmouth. 

Bartex, James, Brunswick. Capt. Thorp's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; 
list of deserters dated West Point, Aug. 18, 1782 ; age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, seaman ; residence, Brunswick; 
deserted at Albany, March, 1778. 

B.\RTEX, JoHX, Casco Bay. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from All)any home, dated March 7, 1777. 

Bartex, John, Duxbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; age, 
23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; birthplace. Great 
Britain; residence, Duxlnir.v; enlisted in 1777; joined Capt. Zel)ulon King's co., 
Lieut. Col. J. Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, list of men dis- 
charged; company of guards. Col. Brooks's regt.; discharged June 7, 1783, by 
Gen. Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Barten, John, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Wadsworth's (2d) co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 28, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster return dated Valley Forge, Jan. 28, 1778; reported 
aged 18 yrs. 

Barten, Titi's, Granby. Private, Capt. Oliver Coney's co.. Col. Sears's regt. ; marched 
Aug. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 15, 1777; service, 3 mos. 10 days; enlistment, 
3 months. 

Barter, . [This name also appears under the form of Baxter, Bortor.] 

Barter, Alexander. Private, Capt. John llolden's (4th) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Barnes's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; list of men dated March 30, 
1777; also, return dated Camp Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, Capt. llolden's co.. 
Col. Nixon's regt.; muster roll dated Highlands, June 12, 1779; enlistment, dur- 
ing war. 

Barter, Bezaleel, Royalston. Private, Capt. Jonas Allen's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Barter, Henry. Private, Capt. Isaac Sherman's co.. Col. Loanimi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstracts for Jan.-March, 1776 ; also, pay abstracts for April, May and 
June, 1770, dated New York. 

Barter, John. Capt. Abijah Childs's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; return of 
men mustered by Col. Barrett [year not given] ; enlisted for town of Lincoln; 
reported transferred by prior enlistment to Col. Cilley's regt. 



IX THE WAR OF THE KEVOLUTIOX. 709 

Bakter, Johx. Private, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 11, 1770; roll made up to Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 13 days, 
on expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Barter, Joseph, Boothbay. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted 
June 1, 1776; re-enlisted Nov. 14, 1776, into Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. "Wiggles- 
worth's regt., but to continue in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 177G; also, 
Capt. Christopher Woodbridge's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late AVigglesworth's) 
regt. ; Continental Army paj- accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Israel Davis's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's (4th) regt.; 
return of men in service Sept. 15, 1777 ; also, muster roll for May, 1778, dated 
Camp at Valley Forge; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich; 
also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, sworn to at Providence ; also, Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Capt. Lieut. Christopher "NVoodbridge, Col. "Wigglesworth's regt. ; 
muster roll dated May 5, 1779 ; reported transferred to Light Infantrj' co. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, Maj. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; 
pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, return for clothing for 1780 dated 
Peekskill; also, 8th co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army pa)- accounts for 
service from Oct. 30, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported " made up in Smith's ; " also. 
Major's co , Col. Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to June 1, 1780; reported deserted June 1, 1780; also, list of desert- 
ers from Col. Nixon's regt., dated Camp Ten Eyck, Aug. 27, 1780; age, 20 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, dar'K; hair, brown; eyes, gray; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Boothbay; enlistment, during war; deserted from Major's co. 
June 10, 1780. 

Barter, Mark. Sergeant, Capt. Noah M. Littlefield's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 6 days, at "Wells and Arundel ; reported promoted from Private to 
Sergeant Dec. 4, 1775. 

Barter, Nicholas. Private, Capt. Timothy Langdon's co. ; enlisted July 13, 1775; 
roll made up to Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 6 mos. 3 days, at Boothbay. 

Barthirck, Revben, Danvers. Private, Capt. Samuel Flint's co., Col. Timothy Pick- 
ering, Jr.'s regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Baetholick, Thomas. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John "Waterman's regt. ; 
pay roll for 14 days service between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777, at Rhode 
Island ; also, Capt. Squire Millard's co.. Col. John "Waterman's regt. ; pay roll for 
service from Jan. 9 to Feb. 8, 1777, 1 mo., dated Warwick. 

Bartholemew, Benjamin, Marblehead. Capt. Thomas Grant's co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 
25, 1775. 

Bartholome, Benjamin, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Thomas Grant's co.. Col. John 
Glover's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 
mos. 21 days. 

Bartholomew, -. [This name also appears under the form of Bartholemew, Bar- 
tholome, Bartholomy, Borthomow.] 

Bartholomew, Benjamin, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Grant's co., Col. Glover's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Bartholomy, Solomon. Private, Capt. James Noble's co.. Col. Benedict Arnold's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from May 10, 1775, to June 24, 1775, 6 weeks 3 days. 

Barthon, Ezekiel, Granb}-. Private, Capt. .John Cowls's co., Col. AVoodbridge's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
14 davs. 



10 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bakthrick, . [This name also appears under the form of Barthirck, Bartholick, 

Barthwrick, Bartick, Bartrick, Bathanick, Batherick, Bathorick, Bathrack, Bath- 
rick, Battrick.] 

Barthrick, Jasox (also given Joseph), Upton, lleturn of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., dated Feb. 14, 1778 ; joined Capt. 
Childs's CO., Col. ^Vesson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Cliilds's 
(6th) CO., Col. James Wesson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from April 9, 1777, to Dec. .31, 1779. 

Barthuick, Jasox. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 
1781 ; discharged April 1, 1782; service, 8 mos. 

Bakthrick, Lazarus, Cambridge (also given Lancaster). Private, Capt. William 
Greenleaf's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 22 to 
Aug. 26, 1777, 4 days; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Nehemiah 
Emerson's co., 10th regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; 
hair, dark; residence, Cambridge; enlisted Feb. 28, 1780, by Capt. Francis; en- 
listment, during war; also. Colonel's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 28, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1781, to April 12, 1782, 15 mos. 12 days; 
reported deserted April 12, 1782. 

Barthrick, Soi.omox, Westborough. Private, Capt. Seth Morse's co., Maj. Gen. 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Bakthrick, Stephex. Private, Capt. Ephraim Lyon's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
June 24, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Groton. 

Barthrick, Tii.., Montague. Private, Capt. Thomas Grover's co., Col. Williams's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 18 days. 

Barthrick, Timothy, Westborough. Private, Capt. Wheelock's co.. Col. Ward's 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barthrick, Timothy, Upton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., dated Feb. 14, 1778; joined Capt. Thomas Welling- 
ton's CO., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barthwkick, Lazarus, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. William Greenleaf's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 17, 1778; 
joined Capt. Lunt's co., Col. Henley's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baktix, James, Falmouth (also given New Casco). Private, Capt. John Reed's co., 
Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Feb. 14, 1777, to March 1, 1778; reported deserted; also, Capt. Reed's co.. 
Col. Ichabod Alden's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 12, 1778; mustered by Maj. 
Henley ; reported on furlough. 

Baktin, James, Jr., Falmouth (also given Harpswell). Private, Capt. John Reed's 
CO., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from April 6, 1777, to May 30, 1778; credited to town of Methuen (also given 
Harpswell) ; reported killed. 

Bartix, Johx, Falmouth (also given New Casco). (^orporal, Cajit. .Tolin Reed's co., 
Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported mustered by Mr. Hensley; also, 
liiuster roll dated Cherry Valley, May 4, 1779; enlisted Dec. 1, 1776. 

IUrti.ekt, David. Capt. Thomas Mayhew's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 711 

Bartlelet, 'WiLLiAjf. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Thorn," com- 
manded Ijy Capt. Ricliard Cowell, dated Marblehead, Sept. 14, 1780; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in. ; complexion, dark. 

Bartlet, . Captain, Col. Fellows's regt. ; return of officers for rations dated Rox- 

bury, June 5, 1775. 

Bartlet, . Private, Capt. Andrew Elliott's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 

marched to Providence, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; service, 21 days. 

Bartlet, Aaeox, Palmer. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co., Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 27 
days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. 
Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 6, 1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Aaron Graves's co.. Col. Pyncheon's (5th Hampshke 
Co.) regt., dated Feb. 9, 1778 ; joined Capt. Danford's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlet, Aaeox, Amherst. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Amherst; arrived at Springfield 
July 12, 1780 ; marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign Gilbert; 
also, paj' roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Amherst for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 1, 1780; discharged Nov. 17, 1780; 
service, 4 mos. 24^ days, near West Point. 

Bartlet, Abner. Capt. Peter Harwood's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Bartlet, Abxer, Plymouth (South Precinct). Corporal, Capt. Zaccheus Bartlet's 
CO., Col. Lothrop's regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 11, 1776 ; 
service, 13 days. 

Bartlet, Abraham. Petition dated Boston, Sept. 12, 1781, signed by Codman and 
Smith, asking that said Bartlet be commissioned as commander of the ship 
"Commerce" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Sept. 12, 1781, that a commission 
be issued. 

Bartlet, Adam. Private, Capt. Jonathan Houghton's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; receipt 
for wages for Oct. and Nov., 1776, dated Bolton. 

Bartlet, Ada_m. Private, Capt. Timothy Brigham's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777, at Bennington ; service, 1 mo. 10 
days, on an alarm ; company raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Bartlet, Adoxijah, Rutland. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Rutland; arrived at Springfield 
July 7, 1780 ; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 
having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay ' 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Rutland for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780 ; marched July 5, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 7, 1781 ; service, 6 
mos. 10 days ; also. Private, Capt. John Pray's co., Col. Joseph Vosc's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated "West Point; enlisted July 7. 1780; enlistment, 6 
months. 

Bartlet, Aiios. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Springfield, Aug. 28, 1778; enlisted July 16, 1778; enlistment, 6 
months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 



712 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AKD SAILORS 

Bartlet, Andrew, Plymouth (South Precinct). Sersreant, Capt. Zaccheus Bartlet's 
CO., Col. Lothrop's regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 11, 1776 ; 
service, 13 days. 

Bartlet, Antipas. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co.. Col. Samuel Ballard's re,?t. ; 
enlisted Sept. 10, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 7, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days ; marched 
to Saratoga. Roll dated Littleton. 

Bartlet, Asa, New Braintree (also given Leverett). Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. 
Edward AVigglesworth's regt.; muster return [year not given] ; mustered by Col. 
Woodbridge ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated April 5, 
1779; joined Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, 
or during war; also, Private, Capt. John K. Smith's co.. Col. Smith's (late Wig- 
glesworth's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service fi-om Jan. 1, 1777, 
to June 7, 1779; reported deserted June 7, 1779; also, Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. 
Wigglesworth's regt., muster roll for May, 1778, dated Valley Forge; also, mus- 
ter roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greeneage; also, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. 
Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; 
reported furloughed for 19 days from Feb. 27, 1779, by Maj. Porter. 

Bartlet, Asahel. Capt. Perez Chapin's co.. Col. Badlam's regt. ; return for clothing 
dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Bartlet, Bartholomew. Capt. Seth Howard's co.. Col. David Wells's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 
days, in Northern department. Roll dated Merrifield. 

Bartlet, Benjamin, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co.. Col. Ward's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; also, list of men dated Jan. 30, 
1776; enlisted Dec. -1, 1775. 

Bartlet, Benjamin, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Simeon Leach's co., Col. Benjamin 
Gill's regt. ; marched to fortify Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 

Bartlet, Benjamin. Master's Mate, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. 
Williams ; engaged Feb. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 16 days. 

Bartlet, Benjamin, Belchertown. Private, Capt. Oliver Coney's co.. Col. Sears's 
regt. ; marched Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 15, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Bartlet, Benjamin, Jr., Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 daj'S. 

Bartlet, Caleb, Manchester. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's (3d) co.. Col. Gerrish's 
(later Baldwin's) 38th regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; 
service, 13 weeks 1 day; also, return of men in service Aug., 1775, dated Camp 
at Chelsea; also, Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt.; return dated 
Chelsea, Dec. 8, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775; also, Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstracts for Fob. -June, 1776. 

Bartlet, Caleb. Private, Capt. Mecres Carr's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt. ; service, 
1 day, retaking mast ship " Gruell ; " roll dated New Castle, Sept. 15, 1777. 

Bartlet, Charles. Private, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) co.. Col. Eljenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth Ma}' 6, 1778 ; discharged Ma.v 7, 1778 ; 
service, 2 da.ys; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 5 to Sept. 11, 1778, 6 days; 
marched on an alarm at Dartmouth. Roll sworn to in Plymouth Co. 

Bartlet, Charles. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams; engaged Oct. 2, 1780; returned from captivity May 5, 1781 ; service, 7 mos. 
3 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 713 

Bartlet, Christopher. Private, Capt. McFarland's (7th) co., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; 
return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 177G, dated Nortli Castle ; also, receipts for 
wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Bartlet, Cornelius, Northampton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
dated April 8, 1779; joined Cai)t. Jonathan Allen's co.. Col. Tutnam's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Maj. Allen's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (i»th) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; reported deserted Jan. 1, 1780, but returned and completed a 3 years term 
of service and was discharged Dec. 14, 17H0; also, Capt. Nathan Goodale's co., 
Col. Putnam's (4th) regt. ; return for gratuity dated April 23, 1779. 

Bartlet, Daniel, PLaistow. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Oilman's co.,Col. John Nixon's 
(5th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177-') ; enlisted May 15, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 
21 days; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated AVinter Hill, Dec. 25, 1775 ; also, return [year 
not given] ; reported sick. 

Bartlet, Daniel, Hadley. Private, Capt. Eliakim Smith's (later Capt. Moses Kel- 
logg's) CO., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 27, 1775 ; also, Capt. Smith's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 
1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; ser%ice, 3 mos. 
12 days ; also, Capt. Kellogg's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dor- 
chester, Dec. 28, 1775. 

Bartlet, Daniel. Private, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 30, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. Roll dated New Castle. 

Bartlet, Daniel. Private, Capt. Moses Kellogg's co., Col. Porter's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 32 days ; marched 
on an alarm to reinforce Northern army under Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Bartlet, Daniel. Private, Capt. Moses Montague's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 17, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bartlet, Daniel. Surgeon's Mate, Col. Thomas Marshall's and Col. William Shepard's 
regts. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; also. Col. William Shepard's regt. ; order for clothing dated Camp at Valley 
Forge, May 1, 1778; also. Col. Shepard's (3d) regt.; return of men in service 
on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated March 12, 1779; reported resigned; also. Col. 
Marshall's (10th) regt.; return for clothing delivered Feb. 1, 1779; also, Col. 
Marshall's regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated West Point; reported fur- 
loughed Dec. 28, 1778, for 42 days; also, return of officers dated Boston, Jan. 20, 
1779 ; also, pay abstract for service to April 3, 1779, dated Boston ; also, muster 
roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; appointed June 1, 1778; reported fxu-- 
loughed by Gen. Paterson ; also, return of officers dated West Point, Ang. 21, 
1779; also. Surgeon. Col. Marshall's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 8 mos. 12 days as 
Surgeon's Mate, 3 mos. 18 days as Surgeon ; also, muster roll for Oct.-Dec, 1780, 
dated Huts near West Point ; reported furloughed at New Windsor; also reported 
appointed Surgeon Sept. 12, 1780. 

Barti.et, David, Newton. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Wiswall's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Lexington ; service, 4 days. 

Bartlet, David, New Salem. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Goodall's co., Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; sei-vice, 7 days; 
also, Capt. John King's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles Woodhridge's regt.; receipt 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 29, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 



711 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bartlet, David, continued. 

1775; enlisted Ai)ril 2G, 177"); service, 3 mos. 13 days; a/so, company return dated 
Caml)rid!re, Sept. 29, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its e<iuivalcnt in money, 
dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 23, 1775; also, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co.. Col. Wood- 
hridiie's re,?t. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
23 days; roll dated Greenwich; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 40 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark; occupation, blacksmith; 
residence, New Salem ; enlisted April 10, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlet, David. Private, Capt. Caleb Kimball's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 13, 1777; roU made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 20 days, 
guarding Gen. Burgoyne's army, lloll dated Winter Hill. 

Bauteet, David. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; pay roll for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos., at Cam- 
bridge. 

Baetlet, David. Private, Capt. Richard Titcomb's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 3, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 21 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bartlet, Diamond (also given Diman), Plymouth. Descriptive list of men raised to 
reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 
5,1780; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Plymouth; 
arrived at Springfield July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under com- 
mand of Lieut. Jackson of the artillery ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months 
service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer, Brookline. Private, Capt. Thomas White's co.. Col. William 
Heath's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 23 days. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Samuel Bradford's co.. Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt.; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; enlisted 
Aug. 15, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Rox- 
l)ury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Bautlet, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Daniel (jilberf s co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 2, 1778, to Sept. 13, 1778, 1 mo. IG days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Enocli Chapin's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; 
company raised for service in Northern department ; reirorted deserted ; roll dated 
Hampshire Co., Jan. 21, 1778. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer. Private, Lieut. Nathaniel Sartwell's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; 
pay roll for 19 days service in July, 1778; also, Capt. Joseph Slarrow's co., Col. 
Wood's regt. ; pay roll for service in Aug., 1778, 1 day. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Shay's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 9, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
enlistment, 3 j'ears; also. Light Infantrj' co., Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. 
Joshua Benson's (Light Infantrj^) co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 
1781, dated Garrison at West Point; enlisted June 9, 1778. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer, Needham. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer, Blandford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 33 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Blandford; arrived at Springfield 
July 18, 1780 ; marched to camp July 18, 1780, under conunand of Joseph Brown. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 715 

Bakti.et, Ekexezek. 6th Mass. regt. ; order for wages for service from Julj- 11, 1781, 
to Feb. 4, 1782, dated Brookfield. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Samuel Rloper's (12th) co.. Col. David Mosley's 
(3d Hampshire Co.) regt. ; service from June 12 to June 17, 1782, G da3's, suppress- 
ing the riot at Northampton. 

Bartlet, Ekenezer, Montague. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 2.") yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, blacksmith; resi- 
dence, Montague; enlisted July 13, 1781; enlistment, 6 months; also, Private, 
Capt. Matthew Chambers's co. ; Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt. ; return of 
men in service for Jan. -Dec, 1781 ; time allowed from July 13, 1781 ; also, return 
for wages, etc., for Jan., 1782. 

Bartlet, Ebenezer, Jr. Private, Capt. Phineas Smith's co.. Col. Porter's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Bartlet, Edward, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Bartlet, Edward, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co., Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Bartlet, Edward. Private, Capt. James Briggs's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; marched 
from Dighton on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Oct. 2, 1777 ; discharged 
Oct. 29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer; service, 29 days. 

Bartlet, Edward. Private, Lieut. Abiel "Whitmarsh's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 3 days; marched 
to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm ; also, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hatha- 
way's (Bristol Co.) regt.. Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Tiverton, 
R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 7 days. 

Bartlet, Eli. Corporal, Capt. John Banister's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 7, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at the Northward. 

Bartlet, Elihu, Northampton. Private, Capt. Abner Pomeroy's co.. Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt.; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 28, 1775. 

Bartlet, Elihu. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co.. Col. Dickinson's regt., com- 
manded by Maj. Jonathan Clapp; marched on an alarm at Ticonderoga July 9, 
1777 ; service, 39 days. 

Bartlet, Elijah, Southampton (probably). Private, Capt. Lemuel Pomeroy's co., 
Col. John Dickerson's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; 
service, 30 days ; marched to Saratoga under Col. Ezra May. 

Bartlet, Elijah. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Cook's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. 

Bartlet, Elisha, Brookfield. Private, Capt. John Packard's co.. Col. David Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
week ; also, companj- return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. Packard's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Bartlet, Evan. List of men who received pay for 1^ mos. service in Rhode Island 
under Maj. William Rogers, dated Newbury, Jan. 25, 1779. 

Bartlet, Ezekiel, Northborough. Private, Capt. Samuel Wood's co.. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 22 days ; also, Lieut. 
Seth Rice's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 25, 1777, 
7 days ; company called out on an alarm to reinforce Northern army ; discharged 
at Hadlev. 



71(5 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bartlet, George. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; detached for a secret expedition to Newport, 11. I., Sept. 2j, 1777; dis- 
charged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 daj's. 

Bautlet, Isaac, Concord. Private, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's 
regt. ; marched Feb. 4, 177G; service, 1 mo. 28 days. 

Bartlet, Isaac. Master, sloop "Republic;" portage bill for vo.vage to the West 
Indies, dated Boston, Jul}- 28, 1777; engaged June 1, 1777; service, 1 mo. 27 
days. 

Baktlkt, Israel, Haverhill. Lieutenant, acting as Captain of a company which 
marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. Nathaniel Marsh's (2d) co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's (4th Essex Co.) regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 3, 1776. 

Bartlet, Jasox, Egremont. Private, Capt. Peter Ingersoll's co., Col. David Brewer's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 25, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 1 
week, 4 days; also, Capt. Ingersoll's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) 
9th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its e<iuivalent in money, dated Nov. 18, 1775. 

Bartlet, John, Salisbury. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Ccl. James Frye's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, raiwrn 
of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775; also, company return dated Cam- 
bridge, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bartlet, Johx, Plympton. Private, Capt. John Bradford's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days. 

Bartlet, John. Capt. William Rogers's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 28, 1775. 

Bartlet, John, Plj-mouth (South Precinct). 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Zaccheus Bartlett's 
(10th) CO., 1st Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
June 6, 1776; also, Capt. Bartlet's co.. Col. Lothrop's regt.; marched to Bristol^ 
R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 11, 1776 ; service, 13 days. 

Bartlet, John, Kittery. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Leighton's co., Col. Francis's regt.; 
pa.y abstract for travel allowance to Dorchester in Aug., 1776 ; also, receipts for 
wages for Aug.-Nov., 1776, dated Dorchester. 

Bartlet, Johx. 2d Lieutenant, sloop " Satisfaction " (privateer), commanded by Capt. 
John Stevens; list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov. 4, 1776. 

Bartlet, Joiix. Drummer, Capt. Andrew Elliott's co.. Col. Jonathan Ili^lman's regt.; 
marched to Providence, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; service, 43 daj's. 

Bartlet, Johx, Palmer. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
David Spear's co.. Col. Pyncheon's regt., dated Fel). 9, 1778 ; joined Cai)t. Dan- 
ford's CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Sergeant, Capt. 
Christopher Woodbridge's co., Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 27 mos. as Corporal, 9 mos. as Sergeant; also, Capt. Israel 
Davis's CO., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster return dated Caml)ridge 
[year not given] ; mustered hy Capt. Moor; also. Corporal; return dated Sept. 
15, 1777 ; also, muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp at Valle}- Forge ; also, (late) 
Capt. Davis's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; muster roll for June, 1778, dated 
Camp Greenwich; also, Capt. Davis's co.. Col. Wiggleswortli's (4th) regt.; pay 
roll for Oct., 1778, sworn to at Providence; also. Sergeant, Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Woodljridge, Col. Wig','lesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March 
and April, 1779; feported promoted to Sergeant April 1, 1779. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 717 

Baktlet, John-. Private, Capt. Andrew Woodberry's co., Lieut. Col. Enocli Hallet's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 2t, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 2 mos. 10 daj-s; 
enli.stincnt, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. Roll 
dated Gloucester. 

Bakti.kt, Joiix. Corporal, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 5, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 21 days, at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. 

Barti.et, John, Granville. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
William Cooley's co., 3d Hampshire Co. regt., dated Jan. 19, 1778; joined Capt. 
Lebl)eus Ball's co., Col. William Shepard's regt.; enlistment, during war; also, 
Private, I.ieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 13, 1780 ; reported killed March 13, 1780. 

Bautlkt, Johx, Brimfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 32 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. G in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence. Brim- 
field ; enlisted March 29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baktm:t, Johx. Private, Capt. John Bacon's co.. Col. David Rosseter's regt., Gen. 
John Fellows's brigade ; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1781 ; service, 
13 da.vs ; marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater. 

Barti.et, Johx Sawyer. Private, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 30, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 2 mos. Roll dated 
New Castle. 

Baktlet, Jonathan-, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 10 days. 

Bartlet, Joxathan, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 4 daj's. 

Barti.et, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Simeon Clap's co.. Col. David AVells's regt. ; en- 
listed May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days ; enlistment, 
2 months ; marched on an expedition to Ticonderoga. Roll sworn to in Hamp- 
sliire Co. 

Bartlet, Jox.a.th.vx-. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co.. Col. Dickinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17,1777; service, 8 days; company marched to 
East Hoosac on an alarm, thence to Pittsfield, where they took charge of and 
guarded Hessian prisoners to Springfield, by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Bartlet, Joxathax. Sergeant, Capt. Mecres Carr's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt.; 
service, 1 day, retaking the mast-ship "Gruell;" roll dated New Castle, Sept. 

15, 1777. 

Bartlet, Joxathax, Leverett. Capt. Reuben Dickinson's CO., Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Pros- 
pect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated 
April 5, 1779; residence, Leverett; enlisted for town of Leverett (also given 
HolJen) ; joined Capt. Daniel Shay's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also. Sergeant, Capt. Shay's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; 
reported as ser\-ing 21 mos. 15 days as Sergeant, 14 mos. as Private after being 
reduced; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; mustered liy Col. 
Woodbridge. 

Bartlet, Joxathax, Newbury. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Newbury ; arrived at Springfield 
July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 8, 1780, under command of Ebenezer Kent; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned bv Brig. Gen. Pater- 



718 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bartlet, Joxathax, continued. 

son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780;. 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Newburj- for service in the 
Continental Army durin,<r 1780; marched July 3, 17S0; discharircd Dec. 21, 1780; 
service, 6 mos. ; rank, Private; reported detached from town militia. 

Bartlet, Joxathax. List of men who went with Capt. Abishai Brown to Xantasket 
[year not given] . 

Bartlet, Joseph. Private, Capt. "William Francis's co., Col. Jolin Ashley's regt. ; 
enlisted July 22, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 13, 1777 ; service, 23 days. 

Bartlet, Joseph. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcomb's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 10, 1777; service, 2 mos. 22 days; roll dated Winter Hill; 
also, Capt. Titcomb's co., Col. Cogswell's regt.; enlisted Oct. 3, 1778; dischargted 
Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 1 day, fortifying a post at Boston. 

Bartlet, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Huse's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted April 3, 1778 ; roll made up to July 4, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; also, 
pay roll for service from July 2 to July 12, 1778, 10 days. 

Bartlet, Joseph, Sheepscot. Private, Capt. Wiley's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 12, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlet, Joseph, South Iladley. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned In* Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bartlet. Joseph. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 10, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, 
at Saratoga; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781. 

Bartlet, Joseph, Brooktield. lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. John Bannister's (1st Artillery) co., Col. Converse's (4th) regt.. Brig. Gen. 
Warner's brigade (also given Capt. Asahel Gunn's co., and Lieut. Calel) Benja- 
min's 9th CO., 6th Hampshire Co. regt.), dated Brooktield, Feb. 18, 1778; resi- 
dence, Brooktield; enlisted for town of Brooktield (also given Montague) ; joined 
Capt. Lane's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years, to expire Maj- 27, 1780; 
reported mustered June 3, 1777, by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, to serve in 
Capt. Harwood's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. 

Bartlet, Joseph, Jr., Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Cai)t. Sylvanus Hai-low's co., dated Albany, Jan. 12, 1778; joined Capt. Benjamin 
Warren's co.. Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, during war; mustered by Capt. 
James Hatch; rank. Corporal (also Sergeant) ; 3d co.. Col. John Brooks's (late 
Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 18 mos. as Corporal, 18 mos. as Sergeant; also, 
Capt. Benjamin Warren's co., Col. Alden's regt. ; return of men in camp before 
Aug. 1."), 1777; also, muster roll dated Cherry Valley, Maj' 4, 1779; also, Capt. 
Warren's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bartlet, Jos'h. Private, Capt. Phineas Walker's detachment of guards, 7th Worces- 
ter Co. regt.; enlisted Oct. 3, 1779; discharged Oct. 20, 1779; service, IS days, at 
llutland. 

Bartlet, Joshia. 1st Lieutenant, sloop "Reprisal" (privateer), commanded hy 
Capt. Nathaniel Carver; list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov. 26, 1776. 

Bartlet, Joshua, South Hadley. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
31yrs.; stature,.") ft. 11 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, South Iladley ; arrived 
at Springfield Sept. 4, 1780 ; marched to camp Sept. 7, 1780, under command of 
Ensign Simonds. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 719 

Baetlkt, Joshua, Leverett (also given New Salem). Private, Capt. John K. Smith's 
CO., Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army paj' 
accounts for service from Jan. 10, 1777, to Oct. 23, 1778; enlistment, 3 years; 
mustered by Col. Woodltridge ; reported exchanged Oct. 23, 1778, for John 
Glasses; also, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; 
muster roll for May, 1778, dated Valley Forge ; reported not on April roll, joined 
since ; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greeneage ; enlistment, during 
war; also, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Smith's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Oct. 1, 1780. 

Bartlet, Joshua. Master, schooner "Elizabeth;" list of men who signed the crew 
list for voyage from Boston to South Carolina ; engaged Dec. 13 [year not given]. 

Bartlet, Judah. Private, Capt. William C. Cotton's co. ; service, 2 days, guarding 
prisoners from the " Somerset; " roll dated Plymouth, Nov. 10, 1778. 

Bartlet, Lawrence. Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jon- 
athan Haraden; engaged Marcli 1, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 5 
mos. 28 daj-s. 

Bartlet, Lawrence. Gunner, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston; engaged Sept. 10, 1777; discharged March 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 19 
days. 

Bartlet, Lemuel. Private, Capt. William Crow Cotton's co., Col. Josiah Wliitney's 
(Pl.vmouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 
1 mo. 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bartlet, Levi. Private, Capt. Stephen Churchill's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
enlisted March 8, 1781 ; discharged March 12, 1781 ; service, 4 days, at New- 
port, R. I., on an alarm by order of the Governor. 

Bartlet, Longley, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co.. Col. Jonatiian 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 week, 5 days. 

Bartlet, Longlet, Needham. Descriptive list of men raised for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778, dated Dorchester; Capt. 
Smith's CO., Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; age, 43 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; hair, gray; 
eyes, blue; occupation, husbandman; nationality, American; residence. Need- 
ham; received from Maj. Stephen Badlam and delivered to Brig. Gen. Jonathan 
Warner at Fishkill by Capt. Robert Davis. 

Bartlet, Malachi, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshlield; service, 
7 days. 

Bartlet, Mark. Private, Capt. Flint's co., Col. Johnson's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 25,. 
1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days. 

Bartlet, Moses, Newtown (?). Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co.. Col. Thatcher's 
regt. ; service, 5 days, from March 4, 1776. 

Bartlet, Moses. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 7, 1777; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 days, at 
Cambridge; also, Sergeant, Capt. David Goodwin's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 mos. 11 days, guard- 
ing posts in and about Boston; also, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's detachment of 
guards; enlisted Jan. 1, 1779; discharged March 31, 1779; service, 3 mos., at 
Boston, under Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Bartlet, Moses, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. James Noble's co.. Col. Benedict Arnold's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from May 10, 1775, to June 24, 1775, 6 weeks 3 days ; 
also, Capt. Eli Root's co. ; list of men who engaged in the Canada service Jan. 1,. 



720 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bartlet, Moses, continued. 

1776, and were disiuissed May 23, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days ; also, Capt. Rufus 
Allen's (Artillery) co., Col. David Resetter's regt. ; service from Oct. U to Oct. 
17, 1780, 3 days, on an alarm. 

Bartlet, Nathaniel, Plymouth (Soutli Precinct). Corporal, Cajit. Zaccheus Bartlet's 
CO., Col. Lothrop's regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 11, 1776; 
service, 10 days. 

Bartlet, Nathaniel, South Hadley. Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Ruijirles Woodbridge's (25th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, 
June 24, 1775; also, Private, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May U, 
1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
order for Ijounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 
1775; also, 2d co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to July 1, 1778 ; reported died Feb., 1778 ; also, Capt. 
Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Marshall's (10th) regt. ; pay abstract for clothing for 1778 ; 
enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Bartlet, Nicholas, Hadley. Private, Capt. Eliakim Smith's (later Capt. Moses 
Kellogg's) CO., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19,1775; discharged April 30, 1775 ; service, 15 days ; a/so, Capt. Kellogg's co.. 
Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; marched July 10, 1777; discharged 
Aug. 16, 1777; service, 39 days; inarched to Mores Creek under Maj. Gen. 
Schuyler to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bartlet, Oliver. Private, Capt. Phineas Smith's co.,- Col. Porter's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Bartlet, Oliver, Granljy. Fifer, Capt. James Hendrick's co.. Col. Novell's regt.; 
pav abstract for rations to and from camp dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Jan. 
13," 1776. 

Bartlet, Oliver, Hadley. Private, Capt. Eliakim Smith's (later Capt. Moses Kel- 
logg's) CO., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 27, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Smith's CO., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at 
Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, Capt. Kellogg's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 28, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Samuel Cook's co., 1th Hampshire Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 
1777 ; joined Capt. Watson's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. 
Sergeant, Capt. Al)raham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's 3d (also given 2d) 
regt. ; Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from Jan. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts f(n- service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 
15, 1780; discharged Jan. 15, 1780. 

Bartlet, l'iin.ii>, Ware. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 9, 1778; Capt. 
Ikackinridge's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 3 in. ; residence, 
Ware. 

Bartlet, Philip, Belchertown. Corporal, Cajjt. Jonathan Bardwell's co.. Col. Jona- 
than Warner's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 7 days; also, Capt. Bardwell's co.. Col. 
David Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]; 
also, Capt. Bardwell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Joshua L. Woodbridge's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted June 25, 1779; 
discharged Dec. 25, 1779; service, 6 mos. 6 days, at Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 721 

Baktlet, Richard, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Barnard's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 6 days. 

Baktlet, Richard, Sutton. Private, Capt. Isaac Bolster's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
rest. ; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bartlkt, Richard. Private, Capt. Andrew Elliott's co.. Col. Jonathan Ilohnan's 
regt. ; marched to Providence, R. I., on the ahirni of Dec. 10, 1770; service 
[illejrible] . 

Baiitlkt, Richard. Private, Capt. Reuljcn Siljlcr's co., Col. Josiali Whitney's regt. ; 
inarched on an alarm at Rhode Island July .31, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 14 days. 

BAitTLET, Richard." Private, Capt. Al)ijah Burbank's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt.; 
marched Julv 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 11^ days. 

Bartlet, Robert, Salem. Private, Capt. Bliss's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Baktlet, Robert, Salem. Seaman, ship "Rhodes," commanded by Capt. Nehemiah 
Buffington ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 14, 1780 ; age, 43 jts. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Baktlet, Roger. Captain, brig " Favorite," a cartel bound to New York for exchange 
of prisoners; order of Council dated Nov. 5, 1777. 

Baktlet, Samiel. Private, Capt. Abner Cranston's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Feb. 9, 177G; dis- 
charged April 27, 1776. 

Bartlet, Samuel. List of men hiring soldiers at time of capture of Burgoyne, 1777. 

Baktlet, Samuel, Ashfield. Lieutenant, in command of a company, which marched 
April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days ; also, 
Capt. El)enezer AVebber's co.. Col. John Fellows's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; lists of 
officers in camp at Roxbury, May 23 and 31, 1775; commissioned June 7, 1775; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 
days; also, Captain, Col. James Wesson's (9th) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 6, 1778; reported resigned March 
6, 1778. 

Baktlet, Samuel. Lieutenant, Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; engaged July 
10, 1779 ; discharged Dec. 15, 1779 ; service, 5 mos. 6 days, at and about Boston. 

Baktlet, Samuel. Seaman, ship " General Mifflin," commanded by Capt. George M. 
Babcock ; descri])tive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 9, 1780; age, 32 yrs.; 
complexion, light; occupation, mariner; residence, Massachusetts. 

Baktlet, Scipio. Private, Major's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 20, 1780; enlistment, 3 
years; reported discharged. 

Baktlet, Silas. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stearns's co.. Col. Dickinson's regt., com- 
manded l)yMaj. Jonathan Clapp; enlisted July 9, 1777; service, 39 days; marched 
on an alarm at Ticonderoga. 

Baktlet, Simeon. Private, Capt. Richard Titcomb's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
(Essex Co.) regt ; enlisted July 6, 1780; discharged Oct 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
18 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bartlet, Simeok, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Joshua French's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch 
Putnam's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 9, 1781; discharged Dec. 6, 1781; service, 3 mos. 
10 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; regiment raised in Essex and Plymouth counties 
to reinforce Continental Army. 



722 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahtlet, Simeon, Jr. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., 2d Hampshire Co. regt. ; 
service from June 15 to June 17, 1782, 3 days, at Northampton, by order of Elisha 
Porter, Sheriff. 

Bartlet, Solomon, Belchertown. Private, Capt. Jonathan Bardwell's co., Col. Jona- 
than AVarner's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 9^ daj^s; also, Capt. Bardwell's co., Col. 
David Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1 week, 3 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, 
Capt. Bardwell's co.. Col. llufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775; also, Capt. 
Bardwell's co., Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 
17, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

Bartlet, Solomon. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; company detached on a secret expedition to Newport, R. I., Sept. 25, 1777 ; 
discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Bartlet, Solomon, Brookfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Feb. 
17, 1778; joined Capt. Nathan Goodale's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; reported mustered by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, April 10, 
1777 ; also, Private, Maj. Allen's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental Armj' pay 
accounts for service from Feb. 10, 1777, to March 1, 1778; reported discharged 
March 1, 1778; also, Capt. Goodale's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; muster return 
dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778. 

Bartlet, Solomon. Private, Capt. Stephen Churchill's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted March 8, 1781 ; discharged March 31, 1781 ; service, 24 days, on an 
alarm at Newport, R. I., by order of the Governor. 

Bartlet, Solomon, Jr., Plymouth. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel 
Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777 ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Wil- 
liams's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Dec. 31, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Corporal, Cajit. James Tisdale's 
(8th) CO., Col. Greaton's (2d) regt. ; muster roll for March, 1779, dated Cortlandt 
Manor; reported furloughed Feb. 15, 1779, for 40 days; also, muster roll for 
April, 1779, dated Crown Point; also, muster roll for June, 1779, dated Constitu- 
tion Island ; also, muster roll for July, 1779, dated Camp Highlands ; also, muster 
roll for Sept., 1779, dated Camp Bedford ; also. Private, Major's co., Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780. 

Bartlet, Stephen, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Timothy Banuird's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amesbury (East Parish) ; service, 5 days; 
also, Capt. William 11. Ballard's (Recruiting) co.. Col. James Frye's regt.; re- 
turn of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775 ; also. Corporal ; company return 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 6, 1775; reported went to Quebec; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 13, 1775; also, Capt. 
Moses Nowell's co. ; service from July 18, 1776, to Nov. 19, 1776, 4 mos. 5 days, 
at Plum Island. 

Bartlet, Stei-hen. Private, Capt. Aliijah Burbank's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt.; 
marched July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 12^ days. 

Bartlet, Sylv.vnus. Private, Capt. Thomas Samson's co.. Col. Thomas Lothrop's 
regt.. Brig. Joseph Cushing's brigade; service, 11 days, in Dec, 1776; marched 
to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm; reported left the service before discharge. Roll 
dated Plympton. 

Bartlet, Sylvanus. List of men in Capt. Sprague's co., Oct., 1777. 



IX TIIK WAR OF Till-: KEVOLiriOX. 723 

Bartlkt, Thaddeus, Newtown ( ?). Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co., Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Baktlet, Thomas, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; pay roll for ser- 
vice from Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 15, 1776, 2 mos. 15 days. 

Bartlet, Thomas, Myrifield (Rowe), also given Palmer. Private, Capt. Oliver 
Avery's co., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted under Capt. H. Maxwell, April 27, 1775; 
also, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 days; also, companj- return 
dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Dec. J28, 1775; also, pay roll for 7 days service from Aug. 15, 1777; 
marched to Bennington under Sergt. Nathaniel Corljet by order of Gen. Stark. 

Bartlet, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Banister's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Oct. IS, 1777; service, 1 mo. 19 days. 

Bartlet, Trns. Private, Lieut. Jeremiah Cliapiu's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 
9 days ; marched to Ticonderoga via Albany and Fort Edward on an alarm. 

Bartlet, William, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Yose's co., Col. Robertson's regt. ; 
service, 10 daj-s ; marched to Roxbury after Concord fight and there did service 
before formation of standing army. 

Bartlet, Willi.am, Marblehead. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Merrett's co.. Col. Glover's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct. 1775]. 

Bartlet, AVilliam. Private, Capt. William "Weston's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1776; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. ; stationed at the Gurnet, Plymouth harbor. 

Bartlet, Willia.m. Private, Capt. Mecres Carr's co.. Col. Joseph North's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 1 day, retaking the mast ship "Gruell;" roll dated New Castle, Sept. 15, 

1777. 

Bartlet, William. 1st Lieutenant, brigantine " General Gates" (privateer), com- 
manded by Capt. Joseph Tilden; petition dated Boston, Fel). 9, 1778, signed by 
William Shattuck, asking that said Tilden be commissioned as commander of the 
" General Gates." 

Bartlet, William. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Jul\' 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. 

Bartlet, William, Shirley. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bige- 
low's (1.5th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to May 15, 1780; also, muster roll dated Highlands, Jan. 10, 1780; also, muster 
roll dated West Point, March 27, 1780. 

Bartlet, William. Capt. Henry Porter's co. ; return for clothing [year not given] ; 
endorsed " Northampton Co." 

Bartlet, Zaccheus, Plymouth (South Precinct). Captain, 10th co., 1st Plymouth Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia.; commissioned June 6, 1776; also. Col. 
Lothrop's regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 11, 1776; ser- 
vice, 13 days. 

Bartlet, Zachariah. Capt. White's co., 5th regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1779; enlist- 
ment, 9 months ; reported on Oct. pay roll. 

Bartlet, Zachariah, Plj-mouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 3, 1781 ; 
Capt. John Williams's co., 1st regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, 
light; hair, light; occupation, yeoman; enlisted Dec. 20, 1779, at the Highlands, 
by Maj. Ashley; residence, Plymoutli ; enlistment, during war; also, Private, 



'24: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bartlet, Zachariah, continued. 

Capt. "Williams's co., Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt. ; muster rolls for Feb.-June, 
1781 ; reported on command with light infantry ; aho, muster roll for Aug., 1781, 
dated Camp Peekskill; reported on command with liglit infantry; ahn, muster 
roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; aho, Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's 
(Light Infantry) co., Col. Yose's regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Ilutts; 
reported transferred from Capt. Williams's co. Jan. 1, 1782. 

Bartlet, Zadoc, Northborougli. Private, Capt. Samuel Wood's co.. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177-'); service, 7 days; reported 
enlisted into the army ; aho, Capt. Wood's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order 
for advance jtay dated Cambridge, June 13, 177"); also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
177r) ; enlisted April 26, 177i) ; service, 3 mos. 13 days ; also, company return dated 
Dorchester, Oct. 7, 177"); also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Dorchester, Jan. "), 1776; also, I^ieut. Seth Rice's co., Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 2."), 1777, 7 days; company called 
out to reinforce Northern army on an alarm ; discharged at Iladley. 

Bartlet, Zadoc, Grafton. Private, Cai)t. Edmund Brigham's Co., Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 12, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 28 days, at 
the Westward; aho, order for wages dated Westborough, July 21, 1778. 

Bartlett, . [This name also appears under the form of Barklet, Barlet, Barlett, 

Barlles, Bartelet, Bartelett, Bartelitt, Bartleet, Bartlelet, Bartlet, Bartlit, Bartlitt, 
Barttlet, Barttlit, Bertlet, Bortlet, Bortlett, Brotlet, Burtlet.] 

Bartlett, . Captain, Col. John Fellows's regt. ; returns of officers for rations dated 

Roxbury, May 28-June 21, 177.'). 

Bartlett, . Ensign, Cajjt. Russell's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; list of officers [year 

not given] . 

Bartlett, . Private, Capt. James Morton's co., Col. Pierce's regt. ; enlisted March 

3, 1778; discliarged April 8, 1778; service, 36 days, at Governor's Island. 

Bartlett, Aakox, Granby. Private, Capt. John Cowls's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt., 
which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
25 days. 

Bartlett, Aarox. Private, Capt. Aaron llaynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcoml)'s regt.; 
muster roll dated C^anip at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; reported deserted Oct. 16, 
1776. 

Bartlett, Aarox. Private, Lieut. James McKnight's co., Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; 
I)ay roll for service from Nov. 6 to Nov. 9, 1780, 3 days ; marched to the North- 
ward on an alarm and ordered to Stillwater by Gen. Fellows. 

Bartlett, Aarox, Palmer (also given Brookfield). Corporal, Capt. Peter Page's co., 
Col. Smith's (late AVigglesworth's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; aho, Private, Capt. Israel Davis's co.. 
Col. Wigglesworlh's regt.; return of men in service Sept. 15, 1777; aho, Capt. 
Josei)h McNall's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 
1778, dated Camp at Yalley Forge; aho. Corporal; muster roll for Oct., 1778; 
also, (late) Capt. M. Fairfield's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; return of men in 
service on or before Aug. 15, 1777; aho, Capt. Page's co., Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on com- 
mand at Warwick Neck ; aho, Capt. Fowle's co.. Col. Smith's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 12, 1780. 

Bartlett, Aaron, Roxbury. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted Sept. 3, 1781 (also given Jan. 1, 1782) ; enlistment, 3 years; also, 
list of men's names on a wage account for 1778-82 of Col. Marshall's and other 
regts. not identified. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 725 

Baktlktt, Ahnkk, Brooktield. Private, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co., Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; 
reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Harwood's co.. Col. Learned's rejrt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 
5 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bautlett, AjiKAiiAM. Tctition dated Boston, July 6, 1780, signed by Codman and 
Smith, asking that said Bartlett be commissioned as commander of the ship 
"Commerce" (privateer); ordered in Council, July G, 1780, that a commission 
be issued. 

Bartlett, Ansel, Plymouth. Boy, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by Capt. 
Simeon Samson ; engaged Oct. G, 1777 [service not given] ; also, pay roll dated 
Boston, Nov. 13, 1777. 

Baktlett, Asa. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; reported re-engaged into Capt. 
Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. Nov. 26, 1776, but to continue in Col. 
Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 1776. 

Baktlett, BenjaiMin, Concord. Capt. John Minot's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract 
for travel allowance ; service at Dorchester Heights in Nov., 1776. 

Bartlett, Benjamin-. Conductor, Col. Stephens's regt. ; return of officers for clothing 
allowed by order of General Court of March 13, 1778. 

Bartlett, Benjamin. Mate, ship " Protector; " account of rations issued from Nov. 
25, 1779, to March 14, 1780. 

Bartlett, Benjamin. Boy, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson; 
engaged June 2, 1780; discharged March 12, 1781; service, 9 mos. 10 days; 
reported sent home in a prize and retaken ; also reported entitled to prize shares 
in the brig " Tryall " if captured. 

Bartlett, Caleb, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Mayhew's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days ; also, compan}^ return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Bartlett, Caleb, Manchester. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) regt. ; company return dated Camp at Chelsea, Oct. 2, 
1775 ; also, order for travel allowance from Trenton to Manchester in 1776, dated 
Manchester; also, list of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not given]. 

Bartlett, Charles. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. Jacob Gerrisli's regt. ; 
enlisted Julj- 27, 1778; discharged Dec. 21, 1778; service, 4 mos. 25 days, at and 
about Boston ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bartlett, Cornelius. Private, Capt. Whipple's co.. Col. Putnam's (4th) regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from July 1, 1780, to Dec. 13, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Bartlett, Daniel. Marine, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul Jones; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in tJie ship " Mellish " and brig "Active" 
[year not given] . 

Bartlett, David, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., whicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 11 days; also, Capt. May- 
hew's CO., Col. Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bartlett, David. Private, Lieut. Aaron Phelps's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; en- 
listed July 9, 1777; discharged July 18, 1777; service, 11 days. 



726 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bartlett, Daviij. Private, Capt. Ahrahaia I'eirce's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. 
of guards; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; roll made up to FcIj. 3, 1778; service, 22 days, 
at Cambridge. 

Baktlett, David. Private, Capt. Caleb Kimball's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, at Winter Hill. 

Bartlett, Diamond (also given Dimau). I'rivate, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co., Col. 
Titcomb's regt. ; enlisted April 28, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 5 days, at Rhode Island; 
roll dated Halifax ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co.. Col. Theopbilus Cotton's 
regt. ; company detached on a secret expedition to Newport, 11. 1., Sept. 2.'), 1777; 
discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days; also, Private, Capt. James Har- 
low's CO., Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted June 5, 1778; service, 8 mos. 4 days, 
guarding passes of North River; enlistment, 8 months; also, order for wages 
dated Plympton, April 20, 1779. 

Bartlett, Ebenezer. List of men drafted from Capt. Gore's, Capt. Mayo's, Capt. 
White's and Capt. May's cos. to serve at Nantaslvet under Lieut. James Morton 
in June, 1776, driving ships from Boston harbor; reported employed with a team. 

Bartlett, Ebenezer, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's co. of volunteers, 
Col. Convers's regt. ; pay abstract for 22 days service ; marched from Brookfield 
Sept. 23, 1777, to join Gen. Gates's army. 

Bartlett, Ebenezer, Blandford. Private, Capt. Job Sumner's co., Col. John Greaton's 
(3d) regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 1780; enlisted July 12, 1780 ; enlistment, 6 months; 
reported a collier. 

Bartlett, Edward, Stoughton. Private, Capt. RoV)ert Swan's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Gill's regt. ; pay roll for service from June 13 to June 16, 1776, 3 days ; marched 
to Squantum (the Moon) when the British fleet had left Boston harbor; also, pay 
roll for 24 days service from April 18, 1777 ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm. 

Bartlett, Edward, Dighton. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's (7th) co. ; pay al)stract 
for service at Rhode Island in 1780. 

Bartlett, Edward. Corporal, Capt. Ebenezer PauU's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Berkley. 

Bartlett, Eleazer, Shirley. Private, Capt. Henry Haskell's co.. Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned home April 
27, 1775; service, 10 days; also, Capt. John Hartwell's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, pay abstract 
for gun and blanket money, dated Boston, Feb. 8, 1778. 

Bartlett, Eleazer. Private, Lieut. John Flint's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; en- 
listed June 17, 1778 ; discharged Nov. 15, 1778; service, 5 mos. 10 days, fortifying 
passes of North River; a/so, Capt. Asa Lawrence's co.. Col. Poor's regt.; pay 
rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; also, (late) Capt. Law- 
rence's CO., Col. Poor's regt.; pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated West Point; also, 
Lieut. Flint's co.. Col. Poor's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated West Point. 

Bartlett, Elias. Prize Master ; list of prisoners sent to Boston in the cartel " Swift " 
from Halifax, Sept. 30, 1778. 

Bartlett, Elihi', Northampton. Private, Capt. Aimer Pomroy's co.. Col. Fellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days; also, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt.; pay abstract for travel 
allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776; also, return for travel allowance 
granted Sept. 12, 1776; also, return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 
1, 1777. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 727 

Bartlett, Emkday. Private, Capt. Joseph Livermore's co. ; enlisted July 2,1770; 
discharf^ed Oct. 2, 1779; service, 3 iiios. 1 day, with guards at Rutland. Roll 
dated Spencer. 

Bartlett, Ei.isha, Newton. Private, Cai)t. Aniariah Fuller's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to. Cambridge ; service, 4 days. 

Uaktlett, Elkanah, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Ilammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 7 days. 

Baktlktt, Elkaxaii. Mate and Pilot, sloop "Swift," commanded by Capt. John 
Wigglesworth ; portage Ijill dated Plymouth, Sept. 10, 1776 ; engaged May 15, 
1776; discharged Sept. 10, 1776; service, 3 mos. 26 days. 

Bartlett, Evan. Private, Capt. Caleb Kimball's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 13, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
22 daj's, at Winter Hill; company detached to guard Gen. Burgoyne's army; 
also, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; dis- 
charged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; regiment raised in Suffolk and 
Essex counties to reinforce armv under Gen. Washington. 

Bartlett, Isaac, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 7 days. 

Bartlett, James. Private, Capt. Richard Rogers's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 29 days, at 
Winter Hill. 

Bartlett, Jason, Egremont. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Fitch's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. [year not given]. 

Bartlett, John. Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. James Frye's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bartlett, John, Plympton. Private, Capt. John Bradford's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt. ; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Bartlett, John, Newbury. Private, Capt. William Rogers's (8th) co.. Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 12, 1775; service, 2 mos. 25 days ; also, return of men stationed at Chelsea 
and Brookline, dated Aug. 3, 1775; reported at Chelsea; also, pay abstract for 
Aug., 1775, dated Chelsea; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, list 
of men who agreed to serve the month of Jan., 1776. 

Bartlett, John. Petition signed by Jonathan Ingersoll, asking that said Bartlett 1« 
commissioned as commander of the brigantine " Hampden" (privateer) ; ordered 
in Council, Deo. 1, 1777, that a commission be issued. 

Bartlett, John. Private, Capt. John Devereux's co.. Col. Jacol) Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; roll made up for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 1 day, 
at Cambridge. 

Bartlett, John, Palmer. Private, Capt. Jonathan Danforth's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comli's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776 ; enlisted 
Nov. 24, 1775; reported re-engaged Nov. 14, 1776, in Capt. Danforth's co.. Col. 
AVigglesworth's regt., but to continue in Col. Whitcomb's regt. imtil Dec. 31, 1776. 

Bartlett, John. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Bartlett, John, Granville. Private, Capt. Caleb Keep's co.. Col. William Sheppard's 
(3d) regt.; Continental Army paj' accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. John Wright's (late Capt. Keep's) co.. Col. Sliepard's 
regt.; muster roll for July and Aug., 1778; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 



728 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahtlett, John, continued. 

1778, dated Providence ; n/so, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's co.. Col. Shepard's 
rejrt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1770, dated Providence; enlisted April 1, 
1777 ; enlistment, during war. 

Bartlett, Joi[x, Beverly. Return of men raised agreeable to resoh'e of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted April 13, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Bautlett, John. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Zaccheus Bartlett's (10th) co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's (1st Plymouth Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
Oct. 28, 1778; also, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 2, 
1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 30 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 2 months; company detached from 1st and 2d Plymouth 
Co. regts. 

Bahtlett, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Daniel Shay's co.. Col. Rufus I'utnam's (4th) 
regt. ; return of men for gratuities dated April 22, 1779. 

Bartlett, Jonathan. Private, list of men returned as serving on picket guard under 
Maj. Baldwin, Ma}' 23, 1775. 

Bartlett, Jonathan, Marblehead. Cai)t. Thomas Gi'ant's co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1773 ; also, 1st Sergeant; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Caml)ridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Bartlett, Jonathan, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 7 days. 

Bartlett, Jonathan. List of officers and crew of the schooner " Salley," commanded 
by Capt. Joseph Bartlet ; portage bill dated Boston, Maj' 14, 1777 ; engaged March 
4, 1777; discharged May 17, 1777. 

Bartlett, Jonathan, Leverett. Capt. Reulien Dickinson's co.. Col. Woodbridge's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cliarlestown, July 27, 1775; also. Private; 
company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men dated West Point, Jan. 10, 1781 ; Capt. Killam's co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) 
regt. ; age, 36 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, 
dark; residence, Leverett; enlisted April 17,1780, by Ensign Gilljert, as Sergeant; 
enlistment, during war; also. Sergeant, Cai)t. Benson's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 17, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, Capt. Joseph Killam's co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.- 
April, 1781, dated West Point; reported "on a pass" in April, 1781. 

Bartlett, Joseimi. Private, Capt. Oliver Titcoml)'s co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service, 7 days, between Feb. 3 and Ai)ril 2, 1778, guarding prisoners 
after surrender of Gen. Burgoyne's army. Roll dated Winter Hill. 

Bartlett, Josei'h. Master, schooner "Salley;" portage l)ill dated Boston, May 14, 
1777; engaged March 4, 1777; discharged May 17, 1777. 

Bartlett, Joseth. Corporal, Caiit. Samuel lluse's co., Col. Jacob (jcrrisli's regt. of 
guards; muster roll dated Winter llill, May 11, 1778; enlisted Ai)ril 3 [year not 
given] . 

Bartlett, Joseph, South Iladley. Private, Capt. James Ilendrick's co., Col. Lovell's 
regt. ; pay abstract for rations to and from camp dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, 
Jan. 13, 1770; also, pay roll f or G montlis men raisetl by tlie town of Soiith Had- 
ley for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Sept. 4, 1780; dis- 
charged Feb. 16, 1781 ; service, 5 mos. 19 tlays. 



IX THE WAR OF TIIH REVOLUTION. 729 

Bartlett, Joseph, Bolton. Private, Capt. John Bayley's co., Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from March 2, 1777, to May 26, 1777, 3 mos. 2 days; 
also, Capt. Peircc's co., Col. Jackson's regt.; Continental Armj' pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 12, 1780. 

Baistlktt, Joseph, Brooktield. Private, Capt. Spurr's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's regt.; 
Continental Ami}- pay accounts for service from May 27, 1777, to Feb. 1, 1779. 

Bartlett, Joseph, Brooklield. Corporal, Cai)t. Adams Bailey's co.. Col. John Bailey's 
(2d) regt. (commanded by Lieut. Co\. S])rout after Jan. 1, 1781) ; muster roll dated 
Jan. 1, 1782; enlisted Jan. 215, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; reported promoted from 
Private Nov. 1, 1781. 

Bartlett, Joseph, Jr., Plymouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 38 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; hair, 
dark; occupation, mason; residence, Plymouth; enlisted Jan., 1777; enlistment, 
during war; mustered l)y Ensign Bagnall ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin War- 
ren's CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Feb.-May, 1781, dated West 
Point; also, muster roll for June, 1781; also, Capt. William Mills's co., Lieut. 
Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for July-Sept., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 
1781-Feh., 1782, dated York Hutts ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
Feb. 20, 1782 ; Capt. Mills's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; age, 44 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; occupation, mason ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777 ; 
enlistment, during war ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Mills's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
list of men furloughed ; leave given by Gen. Patterson to go from Windsor to 
Plymouth Dec. 16, 1782, for 60 days; also, 7th co., 7th regt.; return of men in 
service Jan., 1783 ; reported not mustered but entitled to pay, agreeable to order 
of Feb. 22, 1783; also, list of men discharged from Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
discharged June 10, 1783, term of enlistment having expired; also, list of men 
who were entitled to honorary badges for faithful service from Dec. 21, 1775. 

Bartlett, Josiah, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Jesse Harlow's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response io the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 7 days. 

Bartlett, Josiah. Hospital Mate ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 2d Surgeon (also given Junior Surgeon) ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; re- 
ported continued in service until May, 1781. 

Bartlett, Judah. Seaman, schooner " Ellen," commanded by Capt. Ichabod Morton ; 
portage bill for voyage from Baltimore, dated Boston, April 16, 1777 ; engaged 
Dec. 13, 1776; discharged April 18, 1777. 

Bartlett, Jvdah. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; company detached on a secret expedition to Newport, R. I., Sept. 25, 1777; 
discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Bartlett, Lawrexce, Marblehead. Capt. Thomas Grant's co., Col. John Glover's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 2 mos. 12 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in monej', dated Cambridge, Jan. 1, 1776. 

Bartlett, Lawrence. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Bartlett, Lemuel, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
pay roll for gun and blanket money, dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777; also, return of 
men in service from Dec. 10, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bartlett, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; company detached on a secret expedition to Newport, R. I., Sept. 25, 1777; 
discharged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 



730 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bartlett, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bartlett, Loxglet, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; company return [probably Oct., 177")] ; a/.w, order for bountj' coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bartlett, Luke, Newton. Private, Lieut. John Marean's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 3 da.vs. 

Bartlett, Mark, Middletown. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship 
"Junius Brutus," commanded by Capt. John Leach, dated Salem, June 15, 
1780; age, 23yr8. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light ; residence, Middletown. 

Bartlett, Moses, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 4 days. 

Bartlett, Moses. Capt. James Noble's co., Col. Easton's regt.; list of men who 
enlisted May 10, 1775 ; served at Canada until Dec. 30, 1775, 33 weeks 4 days ; 
reported enlisted for town of Pittstield. 

Bartlett, Moses, Northampton. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co. ; enlisted Aug. 
17, 1777 ; service, 7 days ; marched to East Hoosac on an alarm. 

Bartlett, Moses, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted April 2G, 1777; discharged May 20, 1777; service, 
25 days; marched to Saratoga by order of Maj. Gen. Gates; roll sworn to at 
Boston; also, Capt. "William Francis's co. ; list of men who marched to Fort 
Edward July 8, 1777, and were dismissed Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 7 weeks, under 
Maj. Caleb Hyde. 

Bartlett, Moses. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; 
pay roll for service from Feb. 3 to April 3, 1778, 2 mos., at Cambridge. 

Bartlett, Moses, Southampton. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve 
of June 22, 1780; Capt. Pomeroy's co. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Southampton; enlisted July 10, 1780; enlistment, 3 
months; reported detached from Col. Israel Chapin's regt. 

Bartlett, Moses. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's co.. Col. Seth Murraj-'s regt. ; 
enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 5 daj's; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Armj-. 

Bartlett, Nathaniel, South Hadley. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776; also, 
return for travel allowance granted Sept. 12, 1776. 

Bartlett, Nathaniel. Boy, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson; 
engaged June 2, 1780; discharged March 12, 1781 ; service, 9 mos. 10 days; re- 
ported entitled to prize shares in the brig " Trj-all " if captured. 

Bartlett, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. Nathau Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted July 11, 1779; roll made up to Dec. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 20 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Bartlett, Nathaniel, Plymouth. Muster Master's receipt dated Boston, Feb. 10, 
1783 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlett, Nicholas. Private, Capt. Oliver Smith's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; pay roll for service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 23, 1777, 7 days; 
marched for relief of Bennington. 

Bartlett, Nicholas, Jr. Master, brigantine "Charming Sally;" portage bill for 
voyage from Boston to France and return ; engaged Dec. 28, 1776 [service not 
given] ; also. Master, brigantine " Penet ; " portage l)ill for voyage from Boston 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 731 

Bartlett, Nicholas, continued. 

to France and return; engaged Dec. 28, 1776; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 6 
mos. 10 days ; also, Master, brigantine " Favorite ; " portage bill for voyage from 
Boston to South Carolina, thence to France, and back to Boston ; engaged Feb. 21, 
1778 ; service, 1 mo 24 days ; reported captured by the enemy April 15, 1778. 

Bartlett, Noah. Capt. Henrj- Porter's co. ; return for clothing [year not given], 
endorsed "Northampton co." 

Bartlett, Obadiah, Brookfield. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned 
home April 23, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Bartlett, Oliver, Hadley. Sergeant, Capt. Job Alvord's co., Col. Seth Murray's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 6 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Bartlett, Philip, Ware. Private, Lieut. Aaron Phelps's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days. 

Bartlett, Philip, Shelburne. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 30 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; residence, Shelburne; arrived at Spring- 
field July 3, 1780; marched to camp July 5, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Frothingham of the artillery ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Shelburne for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 4, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 9, 1780; service, 5 mos. 15 days. 

Bartlett, Reukex. Private, Capt. John Spurr's (1st) co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated Highlands ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 27, 1780; 
discharged May 28 (also given May 1), 1780; reported deserted Jan. 5, 1780. 

Bartlett, Richard. Private, Capt. Andrew Elliot's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; service, 30 days; marched to reinforce Northern 
army at the taking of Gen. Burgoyne. 

Bartlett, Richard. Private, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 22, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 20 days ; regiment 
raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under Gen. Washington. 

Bartlett, Richard. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
(Essex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 
mos. 18 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Bartlett, Richard, 3d, Sutton. Private, Capt. James Greenwood's co.. Col. Eben- 
ezer Learned's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Isaac Bolster's co.. Col. 
Learned's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 8 days. 

Bartlett, Robert. Seaman ; list of prisoners to be received in exchange for British 
prisoners sent to Halifax in cartel "Swift," dated Oct. 9, 1777; exchanged for 
James Brown, Seaman. 

Bartlett, Robert, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Junius 
Brutus," commanded by Capt. John Leach, dated Salem, June 15, 1780; age, 34 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Salem. 



■32 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 



Bartlett, Roger. Private, Capt. Luke Wilder's co., Col. Samuel Denney's (2d) regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Oct. 27, 1779, to Dec. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claverack. 
Roll dated Albany. 

Bartlett, Roger, Lancaster. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Richardson's co.. Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 2G, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 13 days ; also, Sergeant, Capt. William Greenleaf s co.. Col. Jol} Cusli- 
ing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 3, 1777 ; discliarged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 7 
daj's; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Kendall's co.. Col. Whitney's 
regt.; age, 41 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Lancaster; enlisted March 5, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlett, Samiel, Bridgewater. Sergeant, Capt. Eliakim Howard's co.. Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt. ; marched to Braintree Neck March 4, 1776 ; service, 6 days. 

B.\RTLETT, Samuel. Private, Capt. AVilliam "Weston's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1776; dis- 
charged Sept. 26, 1776; service, 2 mos. 25 days, at the Gurnet, Plymouth harbor. 

Bartlett, Samuel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Mayhew's (Artillery) co.. Col. 
Theophilus Cotton's (1st Plymouth Co.) regt.. Brig. Cushing's brigade; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jul.y 8, 1777; company raised in I'lym- 
outh; also, Capt. Benjamin Rider's (4th) co.. Col. Cotton's regt.; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 28, 1778. 

Bartlett, Samuel. 1st Lieutenant of a company detached to guard troops of conven- 
tion; commissioned July 12, 1778; also, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. 
Gerrish's regt. ; muster roll dated Boston, Aug. 14, 1778; enlisted July 10, 1778; 
enlistment, 6 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Bartlett, Samuel, Jr., Plymoutli. Private, Capt. Abraham Hammatt's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 7 days. 

Bartlett, Scirio, Beverly. Private, Capt. Samuel Page's co., Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(15th) regt.; Continental Army paj' accounts for service from Feb. 5, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Maj. William Lithgow's co.. Col. Tupper's regt. ; muster roll 
dated West Point, April 5, 1779; enlisted Feb. 20, 1777; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlett, Silas, Northampton. Private, Capt. Joseph Cook's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeal)le to resolve of June 22, 1780; 
Capt. Lyman's co.; age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; resi- 
dence, Northampton ; enlisted July 4, 1780 ; enlistment, 3 months ; reported de- 
tached from Col. Israel Chapin's regt. ; also, Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's co., Col. 
Seth Murray's regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; discliarged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 
mos. 5 days; enlistment, 3 months; companj' raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Bartlett, Solomon. Private, Capt. Abram Washljnrn's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 21, 1778; service, 4 mos. 21 days, at 
and about Boston ; enlistment, G months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Bartlett, Soloaion. Sergeant ; warrant to pay officers and men for service with 
guards at the Gurnet, dated June 10, 1783. 

Bartlett, Solomon, Jr., Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co., dated Fel). 21, 1778; enlistment, 3 years, or 
during war; mustered by Col. Barber; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
West Point, Jan. 25, 1781 ; Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 9 in.; comi)lexion, light; hair, dark; eyes, gray; residence, Plymouth; en- 
listed Dec. 1, 1776, by Capt. Williams; enlistment, during war. 

Bartlett, Stephen. Private, Capt. Andrew Elliot's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; marched to reinforce Northern 
army at the taking of Gen. Burgoyne. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 733 

Bartlett, Stephex. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; 
enlisted June 21, 1778 ; discharged Jan. 29, 1779 ; service, 7 mos. 29 daj's, at Nortli 
River; enlistment, 8 niontlis; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778; reported siclv at 
hospital. 

Bartlett, Thomas. Private, Capt. William AVeston's co. ; enlisted Sept. 12, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 19, 1776 ; stationed at the Gurnet for defence of Plymouth harbor. 

BAinLETT, Thomas. Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. of coast guards; list of men ap- 
pearing on a memorandum of beef delivered Feb. 18, 1777. 

Bartlett, Thomas. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Devereux's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. 
of guards; muster roll for Jan., 1778, dated Winter Hill; enlisted Nov. 6, 1777. 

Bartlett, Thomas. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Washburn's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. of guards; enlisted Nov. 7, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 
mos. 26 days, at Cambridge. 

Bartlett, Tristram. Private, Capt. Jonathan Poor's co. ; return dated Newbury, 
March 18, 1777; endorsed "6 weeks service." 

B.\rtlett, William, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Mayhew's co.. Col. Theoph- 
ilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; service, 
3 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Bartlett, William, Marljlehead. Private, Capt. Thomas Grant's co.. Col. John 
Glover's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 21 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Bartlett, William, Marblehead. Capt. John Merrett's (7th) co.. Col. John Glover's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Sergeant; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775, service, 2 mos. 20 days; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, 
Dec. 29, 1775. 

Bartlett, William, Milton. Private, Capt. Elijah Yose's co.. Col. Heath's rest.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2 ; also, Capt. 
Yose's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
mone.v, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 2, 1775. 

Bartlett, William, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; pay roll for 
service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 15, 1776, 2 mos. 15 days. 

Bartlett, William. Private, Capt. William Weston's co. ; enlisted June 22, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 31, 1776; stationed at the Gurnet for defence of Plymouth har- 
bor; rt/w, Capt. Andrew Samson's co. ; return of men in service at the Gurnet, 
dated May 20, 1777. 

Bartlett, William, Grafton. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co.. Col. Job Cush- 
ing's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 12, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 28 
days, at the Westward. 

Bartlett, William. Portage bill of the schooner "Salley," commanded by Capt. 
Joseph Bartlet, dated Boston, May U, 1777; engaged March 4, 1777; discharged 
May 17, 1777. 

Bartlett, William. Seaman, brigantine "Charming Sally," commanded by Capt. 
Nicholas Bartlett; portage bill for voyage from Boston to France and return; 
engaged Jan. 3, 1777 [service not given] ; also. Seaman, brigantine " Penet," 
commanded by Capt. Nicholas Bartlett, Jr. ; portage liill for voyage from Boston 
to France and return; engaged Jan. 3, 1777; discharged June 15, 1777; service, 5 
mos. 12 days. 



734 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bartlett, William. 1st Lieutenant, briirantine " Hampden " (privateer) , commanded 
by Capt. John Bartlett; petition dated Dec. 1, 1777, siirned by Samuel Trivett, 
asking that said Bartlett be commissioned as commander of the " Hampden." 

Bartlett, "Wili-iam. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Washburn's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. of guards; enlisted Nov. 7, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 
4 mos. 26 days, at Cambridge. 

Bartlett, "William. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; 
enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with 
guards at Roxbury. 

Bartlett, William. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bartlett, William. Private, Capt. Timothy Heald's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt.; enlisted June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 27 days, 
on Penobscot expedition. 

Bartlett, William, Shirley. Private, Capt. Henry Haskell's co.. Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"); returned home April 
27, 1775; service, 10 days; a/«o, return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Lieut. Holden's co., 6th Middlesex Co. regt., dated Littleton, Dec. 2, 1777; 
joined Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, 
Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's (15th) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster 
roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; also, muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 
1777, dated Camp Stillwater; also, muster roll for Nov., 1777, dated Camp near 
Gulf; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1777-May, 1778, dated Camp at Valley Forge; 
reported on fatigue duty in May, 1778; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated 
Camp Greenwich; reported on command as a wagoner; also, muster rolls for 
July, 1778-June, 1779, dated Providence ; reported on command as a wagoner ; 
also, muster roll for July, 1779; reported confined; also, muster roll for Aug., 
1779, dated Camp at Salem ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1779, dated Bedford ; also, 
muster roll for Oct., 1779, dated Camp Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Nov. and 
Dec, 1779, dated Highlands. 

Bartlett, Wyman, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; 
reported enlisted into the army. 

Bartlett, Wymax. Private, Capt. John Banister's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 2 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bartlett, Zacchevs. Captain, 10th co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's (1st Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 28, 1778. 

Bartlett, Zachariah, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph 
Vose's (1st) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Oct. 7, 1779, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Vose's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Ashley's 
CO., Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp Tenith, Aug. 31, 1780; reported 
transferred to Lieut. Colonel's co. ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's (Light In- 
fantry) CO., Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1782; enlistment, during war. 

Bartlett, Zadoc, Northborough. Private, Capt. Moses Harrington's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bartley, James. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Nov. 6, 1776 ; tried by general court-martial, Lieut. Col. Crag, Presi- 
dent; charged with "quitting his regiment; " on appeal from regimental court- 
martial was acquitted ; service in Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Whitcomb's regt. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 735 

Bartlet, James. Private, Capt. Enoch Shepard's co., Col. John Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) reirt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 23, 1777, 7 days; 
marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Bartlet, Johx. List of men in Col. "Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 12, 1776 ; reported Ensign in Col. Wynds's regt. ; promoted to 
2d Lieutenant, vice Alexander McClintock, advanced. 

Bartlet, John. List of men in Capt. Todd's (6th) co., Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt., 
entitled to a bounty, dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Bartlet, Johx, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated June, 1780; Capt. 
Welles's CO., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 2 
in.; complexion, Jjrown ; residence, Boston; enlistment, 6 months, from July, 
1780. 

Bartlet, "William. Matross, Capt. William Pierce's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; muster rolls for Sept. -Nov., 1778, dated Providence ; enlistment, 3 
years; also, Capt. Pierce's co., Col. Harrison's regt., commanded by Col. Crane; 
muster roll for Dec, 1778, dated Providence ; also, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Crane's 
regt.; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1779, dated Providence; enlisted April 18, 
1777; also, muster roll for March, 1779. 

Bartlit, Amos. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co. detached from Hampshire Co. 
militia. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; enlisted July 16, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 
1778; service, 5 mos. 18 days, guarding stores in Springfield and Brookfield. 

Bartlit, Caleb. Private, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's (2fith) regt.; 
return for advance pay, etc., for Jan., 1776. 

Bartlit, Daxiel. Surgeon, Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 
Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Huts, near AVest Point; appointed Sept. 12, 1780; 
reported absent by leave at New Winsor ; also reported retired as a supernumerary. 

Bartlit, David. Private, Capt. Jeremiah "NViswaU's co.. Col. Hatch's regt.; service 
from March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days ; marched by order of Gen. Washington 
at the taking of Dorchester Heights. 

Bartlit, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Seth Howard's co.. Col. David Wells's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
2 days, in Northern department. Roll dated Myrifield. 

Bartlit, Ebexezer, Blandford. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Blandford for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 13, 
1780 ; discharged Dec 12, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 5 days. 

Bartlit, Ebexezer, Jr., Granby. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Smith's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated South Hadley, May 28, 1777; 
joined Capt. Alexander's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bartlit, Elihv. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co.. Col. Dickinson's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; service, 8 days; marched to East Hoosac on 
an alarm, thence to Pittsfield, there took charge of and guarded Hessian prison- 
ers to Springfield by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows; also, Capt. Wales's co.. Col. 
Ezra May's regt.; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 15, 1777; service, 28 
days; marched to Stillwater and Saratoga. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Bartlit, Elijah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co., Col. Dickinson's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; service, 8 days; marched to Hoosac on an 
alarm, thence to Pittsfield, there took charge of and guarded Hessian prisoners to 
Springfield by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Bartlit, Evan. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (Essex 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 5, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 18 days ; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Array. 



736 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

B.viiTLiT, Jasox, Egreiuont. Private, Capt. Insersoll's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probaljly Oct., 1775]. 

B.\uTLiT, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. IT), 1777; service, 28 days; marched to Still- 
water and Saratoga. Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Bautlit, Joseph, Bolton, lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army made by 
Col. Joseph North of the 2d Lincoln Co. regt., dated Gardnerstown, Fel). 2, 1778; 
joined Capt. Bailey's co. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baktlit, Luke. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Wiswall's co.. Col. Hatch's regt.; service 
from March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days ; marched by order of Gen. Washington 
at the taking of Dorchester Heights. 

Bartlit, Nathaxikl, South Hadley. lleturn of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Smith's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt. (also given Capt. Montague's co., 
Col. Porter's regt.), dated South Hadley, May 28, 1777; joined Capt. Smith's co., 
Col. Marshall's regt. (also given Capt. Watson's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.) ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years, or during war. 

Bartlit, Richard. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Hamant's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 22, 1780; discharged Nov. 23, 1780; service, 1 mo. 11 days; 
• enlistment, 3 months. 

Bautlit, Samuel, Ashfield. Lieutenant, Capt. Wel)l)er's co., Col. Fellows's regt. ; 
company return dated Dorchester, Oct. S, 177'). 

Bartlit, Solomon, Belchertown. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Fairfield's co.. Col. Nathan 
Sparhawk's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 24, 1778; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at Dorchester. 

Bartlit, Sylvanvs, Plympton. Private, Capt. John Bradford's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177'), to Marslifield ; ser- 
vice, 3 days. 

Bartlit, Zaccheis, 2d, Plymouth. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth 
Co. in 1779 to serve in the Continental Army; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; 
complexion, light; residence, Plymouth; delivered to Lieut. J. Grace. 

Bartlit, Zachauiah. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt.; muster rolls for July and Sept., 1781; reported on command with light 
infantry. 

Bartlitt, Aaron. Corporal, Col. Benjamin Tupi^er's (10th) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 3, 
1781; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, IT) mos. 28 days; reported promoted 
from Private April 1, 1782. 

Bartlitt, Benjamin, Belchertown. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to order 
of Court of June 22, 1780; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Bartlitt, Euenezeu. Private, Capt. Samuel Thrall's co.. Col. Marinus AVillett's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 9, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 29 days, on 
Mohawk River; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bartlitt, John, Brookfield. Corporal, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; returned home 
May 1, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Bartlitt, Mark. Private, Capt. James Berry's co., Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; enlisted 
June 10, 1778; discharged .Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos. 1 day; also, pay roll for 
Sept., 1778, dated Fort Clinton ; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec., 1778, dated 
King's Ferry. 



IX THE AVAK OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 737 

Bartman, William, Dighton. Private, Capt. Redding's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 9, 1777, to May 30, 
1777 ; reported deserted. 

Bartner, Joseph, Boston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Suflfolk Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, dated Dorchester, June 
29, 1778; Col. Ilatcli's (Boston) regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; com- 
plexion, light; hair, dark; eyes, blue; nationality, German; residence, Boston; 
received from Maj. Badhim and conducted to Brig. Gen. Warner at Fishkill by 
Capt. Robert Davis of Col. Vose's regt. 

Bartol, . [This name also appears under the form of Bartall.] 

Bartol, George. LiSutenant, serving as volunteer, Capt. George Rogers's co., 2d 
Cumberland Co. regt. ; service, 6 days, in Nov., 1775 ; company detached by order 
of Col. Jonathan Mitchel to work on fort at Falmouth. 

Bartol, George. Private, Capt. John Gray's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchell's regt. ; 
enlisted Jul}- 7, 1779, service, 2 mos. 6 days, on expedition to Penobscot. Roll 
dated North Yarmouth. 

Bartol, John, North Yarmouth. Private, Capt. George Rogers's co., 2d Cumberland 
Co. regt.; service, 6 days, in Nov., 1775; company detached by order of Col. 
Jonathan Mitchell to worlv on fort at Falmouth ; also, list of men raised to rein- 
force the army, dated Dec. 3, 1776. 

Bartol, John. Boy, Ijrigantine '* Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan Hara- 
den; engaged March 26, 1778 ; discharged May 8, 1778; service, 1 mo. 12 days. 

Bartol, Nathan. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Belknap's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 27, 1778; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1778; service, 5 days. 

Bartol, Samuel. Sailor on board the "Eagle," commanded by Capt. William 
Groves; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 17, 1780; stature, 5 ft. 
6 in.; complexion, dark. 

Barton, . [This name also appears under the form of Bartaen, Bartain, Barten, 

Barter, Bartin, Batten, Batton, Berton, Borton.] 

Barton, . Sergeant, Lieut. Col. James Mellen's (4th) regt. ; return of officers 

dated Camp near New Windsor, Dec. 6, 1782 ; reported after recruits. 

Barton, Barzillai. Private, Lieut. Jonathan Sibley's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 10 days ; marched 
from Royalston to Bennington. 

Barton, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
roll made up for 12 days rations from Dec. 4, 1776, to Jan. 9, 1777. 

Barton, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Peter Woodbury's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; marched to Bennington to rein- 
force Gen. Stark. 

Barton, Benjamin, Leicester. Private, Capt. March Chase's co.. Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 mos. 10 
days, at Dorchester. 

Barton, Benjamin. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Tupper's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 2, 1780; reported dis- 
charged Jan. 2, 1780. 

Barton, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Daniel Grout's co., commanded by Lieut. Thomas 
Parker, Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted July 24, 1780; discharged Oct. 9, 1780, 
at West Point ; service, 2 mos. 24 days ; marched to Claverack. 



738 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Barton, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 13 
days; enlistment, 3 months; also, order for wages for 3 mos. service in 1780, 
dated Royalston. 

Bartox, Bexjamix. Seaman, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George 
Little; engaged Dec. 9, 1782; discharged March 17, 1783; service, 3 mos. 9 days. 

Bartox, Bezaleel, Royalston. Capt. Abel Wilder's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, June 2G, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 2 mos. 20 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; reported died July 12, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 3, 1776. 

Barton, Bezaleel, Jr., Royalston. Private, Capt. Abel Wilder's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 13 days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Lieut. Jonathan 
Sibley's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged 
Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 10 days ; marched to Bennington. 

Bartox, Caleb. Private, Col. Joab Stafford's Independent co. of volunteers ; marched 
Aug. 1-i, 1777 ; service, 6 days ; company raised in New Providence, Lanesborough, 
East Hoosac and Gageboi'ough ; fought in I)attle near Bennington, Aug. 16, 
1777. 

Bartox, Caleb. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
marched on an alarm at Berkshire Oct. 13, 1780; service, 6 days. 

Bartox, Charles. Seaman, ship " General Miflflin," commanded by Capt. George M. 
Babcock; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 9, 1780; age, 26 yrs. ; 
complexion, light; residence, Massachusetts. 

Bartox, David. Private, Capt. Phineas Smith's co.. Col. Porter's regt., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Smith's co.. 
Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 21, 1777, 4 days; 
marched on an alarm at Bennington ; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Hooker's 
CO., Col. Woodl)ridgc's regt. ; pay abstract for rations from Aug. 25, 1777, to Dec. 
7, 1777, dated Camp at Scarsdale. 

Barton, David. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days; marched to 
Stillwater. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Bartox, David. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Elijah Dwiglit's co., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; discharged Aug. 25, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
10 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Belchertown. 

Bartox, David. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Eleazer Warner's (8th) co., 4th Hampshire Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Nov. 25, 1777; a/so. Captain, 
8th CO., Col. Porter's (4th Hampsliire Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned June 29, 1780. 

Bartox, Ebexkze]!, Windham. List of men who enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Thomas Trott's co., Col. Timothy Pike's (4th Cunil)erland Co.) regt., dated 
Nov. 24, 1778; joined Capt. Richard Mayberry's co.. Col. Francis's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; mustered by Col. Varrick; also. Corporal, Capt. Mayberry's co., 
Col. Benjamin Tupper's (late Francis's) 15tli regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 21 mos. 
as Private, 15 mos. as Corporal ; also, muster roll dated West Point, April 5, 1779; 
enlisted Dec. 20, 1776. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 739 

Barton, Ezra. Private, Capt. William Marean's co., Col. Stearns's (also piven Col. 
Jonathan Reed's) re^'t. of guards; service from March 27, 1778, to July 29, 1778, 
3 mos. 6 days, guarding troops of convention at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months, 
from April 2, 1778. 

Barton, Ezra, Ro3'alston. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Woodl)ury's co.. 
Col. Grout's regt. ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, dark; enlisted 
July 8, 1779 ; enlistment, 9 months ; marched to Springfield ; reported mustered 
July 2, 1779, by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; delivered to Capt. Marshall. 

Barton, George. Bo.v, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George Little; 
engaged Sept. 30, 1782; discharged Nov. 2.% 1782; service, 1 mo. 2.'j daj'S; also, 
pay roll for service from Dec. 13, 1782, to March 17, 1783, 3 mos. 5 days. 

Barton, Hampton. Private, Capt. Thomas Cole's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's {1st 
Rhode Island) regt.; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Barton, Isaac, Raymond (also given Falmouth, Bradford and Raymondtown). Re- 
turn of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Joseph Dingley's co., Col. 
Timothy Pike's (4th Cumberland Co.) regt. (also given Capt. John Savory's co.), 
dated Bradford, Feb. 13, 1778; residence, Falmouth (also given Raymondtown 
and Raymond) ; enlisted for East Painsh of the town of Bradford (also given 
Raymond and Raymondtown) ; joined Capt. Ballard's co.. Col. Edward Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; mustered by Maj. D. Ilslej- ; also, list of men 
returned by the committee for settling disputes between towns as to soldiers 
credited to them; said Barton claimed by Bradford, credited to Raymond; also. 
Corporal, Capt. William H. Ballard's co.. Col. John Brooks's (late Alden's) 7th 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Ballard's co., Col. Ichabod Alden's regt. ; muster roll for March 
and April, 1779, dated Cherry Valley; appointed Oct. 8, 1777; «/so, Capt. White's 
CO., Col. Brooks's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Feb. 1, 1780. 

Barton, Jacob, Granby. Private, Capt. James Hendrick's co.. Col. Lovell's regt.; 
pay abstract for rations to and from camp dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Jan. 
13, 1776. 

Barton, James, Jr., Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Jones's (2d) co., Essex Co. regt. (also given Col. Peter Noyes's 1st Cum- 
berland Co. regt.), dated Methuen, Feb. 13, 1778; residence, Falmouth; enlisted 
for town of Methuen (also given Falmouth) ; joined Capt. Reed's co.. Col. Jack- 
son's regt.; enlistment, 3 years, to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also, list of men returned 
by the committee for settling disputes between towns as to soldiers credited to 
them; said Barton claimed by Falmouth, credited to Methuen. 

Barton, Jedediah. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co., detaclied from Hampshire Co. 
militia, Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1778 ; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; 
service, 6 mos. 1 day, guarding stores at Springfield and Brookfield; enlistment 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Barton, John. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 20 days ; marched 
to Benninirton by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows, at the request of Gen. Stark and 
the Committee of Safet.v. 

Barton, John, Duxlniry. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Calvin Partridge's co., dated Feb. 23, 1778; joined Capt. Joseph Wadsworth's 
CO., Col. Bradford's regt., Sept. 5, 1777; enlistment, during war; age, 18 yrs.; 
also, Capt. Wadsworth's CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; return of men in service 
on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Feb. 17, 1779; reported deserted; also. Private, 



740 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Barton, Johx, continued. 

Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's resrt. ; Continental Army pay 
accoimts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported transferred 
to Gen. "\Vasliin,ffton"s guard; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; Lieut. 
Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, 
light; hair, light; birthplace. Great Britain; residence, Duxbury ; enlisted 1777; 
mustered by Capt. Wadsworth ; enlistment, dui'ing war ; also, Capt. Zebulon 
King's CO., Col. Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 17S1, dated West 
Point; reported on His Excellency's guard; also, statement of Continental bal- 
ances [year not given] ; reported witli Gen. Washington's guards, commanded by 
Henry CoUfax. 

Barton, John, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Peter Noyes's (1st Cuml)erland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Barton, John. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Aurora" (privateer), 
commanded by Capt. David Porter, dated Boston, June 16, 1781; age, 23 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 

Barton, Jonathan, Spencer. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co., Col. Ebenezer Learned's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 27 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Barton, Jonathan, Royalston (also given Norwich). Private, Capt. Gleason's (3d) 
CO., Col. Nixon's (4th) regt. ; receipt for wages, etc., due Jan. 1, 1776, dated Camp 
Washington ; also, return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North 
Castle; also, receipts for wages for Sept. -Dec, 1776; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Peter Woodt)ury's co.. Col. Sparhawk's regt., 
dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported mustered by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, May 14, 1777 ; 
also. Colonel's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Armj' pay ac- 
counts for service from April 27, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; residence, Norwich; 
credited to town of Royalston; also, Capt. Adam AVheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Soldier's For- 
tune; also, Capt. Thomas Barnes's (Light Infantry) co., 6th regt.; pay abstract 
for June and July, 1779; also. Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Benjamin 
Hey wood. Col. Nixon's regt.; pay abstracts for Aug. and Sept., 1779; also, 
Colonel's co., 6th regt.; pay abstract for Oct., 1779; also. Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Matthew Chambers, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for Nov. 
and Dec, 1779; reported re-enlisted in Col. Sprout's (r2th) regt. Dec. 1, 1779; 
also, Colonel's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
■\-ice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
West Point, Jan. 28, 1781 ; Capt. Henry Sewall's co.,2d regt. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; 
complexion, dark; hair, brown; residence, Royalston ; enlisted Nov. 30, 1779, by 
Lieut. Danfortli at Peekskill; enlistment, during war. 

Barton, Jos., Jr. Private, Capt. John Reed's co., (late) Col. Alden's regt.; return of 
men in camp before Aug. 15, 1777; reported killed May 31, 1778. 

Barton, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John Waterman's regt.; pay 
roll for 7 days service between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 0, 1777. 

Barton, Joshua. Private, Capt. Josiah White's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 23, 1777, 5 days; marched to lladley on 
an alarm at the Northward in Lieut. Col. Benjamin Flagg's division. Roll dated 
Spencer. 

Barton, Josiah. Muster Master's receipt dated Boston, Aug. 26, 1782; enlisted for 
town of Bridgewater ; enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 741 

Baetox, Like. Private, Capt. Andrew Elliot's co., Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 26, 1777 ; service, 30 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army at 
the taking of Gen. Burgoyne. 

Bartox, Luke. Private, Capt. Samuel Hamant's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Bartox, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Joseph Livermore's co. ; enlisted Julj' 3, 1779; 
discharged Oct. 2, 1779 ; service, 3 months, with guards at Rutland ; enlistment, 
3 months, to expire Sept. 30, 1779. Roll dated Spencer. 

Bartox, Nicholas, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Lemuel KoUock's co.. Col. John 
Smith's regt., whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; 
also, Capt. Lemuel Kollock's co., Col. "Wheelock's regt. ; marched from "Wren- 
tham to Warwick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 23 days. 

Bartox, Peter. Private, Capt. Isaac Harrington's co.. Col. Samuel Denney's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company detached to join Continental Army at Claverack. 

Bartox, Peter, Brookfield. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Brookfield; arrived at Spring- 
field July 5, 1780; marched to camp July 6, 1780, under command of Lieut. Tay- 
lor of 2d Mass. Line; also, Private, Capt. John Spurr's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's 
(6th) regt. ; pay abstract for July, 1780 ; enlisted July 5, 1780 ; credited with 27 
days service; also, pay roll for 5 mos. service from Aug. 1, 1780; enlistment, 6 
months. 

Bartox, Peter, Hopkinton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Hopkinton ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 21, 1780 ; marched to camp July 21, 1780, under command of Capt. Isaac 
Pope ; also, list of men raised for the 6 mos. service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Hopkinton for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 18, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 18, 1781 ; 
service, 6 mos. 11 days. 

Bartox, Peter, Royalston. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Royals- 
ton for ser\ice in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 30, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Jan. 0, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 15 days. 

Bartox, Phixeas, Leicester. Private, Capt. Thomas Newhall's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 9^ days. 

Bartox, Phixeas. Private, Capt. John Howard's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; re- 
turn for travel allowance from Saratoga home, allowed in Council, March 12, 1777. 

Bartox, Revbex, Sutton. Private, Capt. Daniel Bucknam's (Artillerj-) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 da}'s. 

Bartox, Reubex. Corporal, Capt. Andrew Elliott's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt. ; 
marched to Providence, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; service, 43 days. 

Bartox, Reibex, Belchertown. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776; n /so, return 
for travel allowance granted Sept. 12, 1776; also. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah 
Dwight's CO., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; discharged Aug. 19, 
1777; service, 5 days, on an alarm at Bennington; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. 
Joseph Hooker's co.. Col. Ruggles "Woodbridge's regt.; enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 20 days. Roll dated Greenwich. 



742 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bahton, Reiben. Private, Capt. Abijah Burbank's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; 
marched July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 4, 1780; service, 8^ days. 

Bahton, Sibley, Charlton. Private, Capt. John Nichols's co.. Col. Jonathan Hol- 
man's regt.; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; service, 30 days; marched to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army under Gen. Gates at the Northward; n/so, Capt. John Putnam's 
CO., Col. John Holman's regt.; return of men in service for 21 days at Provi- 
dence, 11. 1., dated June 22, 1778 ; also, Capt. Putnam's co.. Col. Wade's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; enlisted June 20, 1778; service, 26 days; marched to join Gen. 
Sullivan at Providence ; roll dated Sutton ; also, Capt. Matthew Chamtjers's co., 
Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (late Nixon's) Cth regt. ; return for wages, etc., for 
Jan.-Dec, 1781 ; time allowed from March 26, 1781 ; also, return for wages, etc., 
for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported transferred to Capt. Japheth Daniels's co., June, 
1782; also, Capt. Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's *regt. ; return for wages, etc., 
for June-Dec, 1782. 

Barton, Simon. Private, Capt. John S. Dexter's (4th) co.. Col. Christopher Greene's 
(1st Rhode Island) regt.; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich; en- 
listed May 1, 1778; enlistment, during war. 

Barton, Sti'kely. Private, Capt. Squire Millard's co., Cul. John Waterman's regt.; 
pay roll for 3 days service between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 9, 1777. 

Barton, Thomas, Georgetown. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
3d Beverly CO., Essex Co. regt., dated Beverly, Feb. 13, 1778; residence, George- 
town ; enlisted for town of Beverly ; joined Col. Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, 3 
j-ears. 

Barton, Timothy. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's co. ; service, .5 days, agreeable 
to resolve of Sept. 23, 1777 ; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Barton, Timothy Stow, Charlton. Private, Capt. William Campbell's co., Col. 
Learned's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 1 week. 

Barton, Wilmam. Private, Capt. William Lithgow's co. ; enlisted Marcli 25, 1776; 
rolls made up to July 17, 1776; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth, Cumber- 
land Co. 

Barton, William, Falmouth. Private, Capt. Nicholas Blasdel's co.. Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from All)any home, in 1776. 

Barton, William. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co., detached from Hampshire Co. 
militia; Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; enlisted July 1, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 
1778 ; service, 6 mos. 1 day, guarding stores in Springfield and Brooklield; enlist- 
ment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Barton, William. Private, Capt. Abraham Tyler's co.. Col. Tliomas Poor's regt.; 
pay roll for Feb., 1779. 

Barton, William. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., commanded by Lieut. Wil- 
liam White, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1779; 
discharged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Barton, William, Raymond (also given llaymondtown, Falmouth and Bradford). 
Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Jones's (2d) co., Essex 
Co. regt. (also given Capt. Joseph Dingley's co.. Col. Timothy Pike's 4th Cum- 
berland Co. regt.), dated Methuen, Feb. 13, 1778; residence, Falmouth; enlisted 
for town of Methuen (also given Raymond and Bradford) ; joined Cai)t. Ballard's 
CO., Col. Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years, to expire Jan. 1, 1780; also, list of 
men returned bv the committee for settling disputes between towns as to soldiers 
credited to tliein ; said Barton claimed Ijy Raymond, credited to Methuen ; also] 
Private, Capt. William Hudson Ballard's co., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) 6th 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 743 

Barton, William, continued. 

regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Aug. 1, 
1777; discharged Aug. 1, 1777; reported transferred to Capt. Allen's co. June 1, 
1777; also, Capt. Ballard's co., Col. Ichaljod Alden's regt.; muster return dated 
Albany, Jan. 12, 1778; mustered by Maj. Ilsley. 

Baktuam, Isaac, Danbury. Capt. James Horton's (Connecticut) co.. Col. Baldwin's 
regt. of artificers ; enlisted Aug. 22, 1777 ; roll dated July 20, 1780 ; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Bartkick, Jasox, Watertown. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Wesson's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 9, 1780. 

Bartrick, Petkr. Private, Capt. Gideon Parker's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt. ; return 
of men in service from Jan. 8, 1776. 

Barttlkt, Joseph, Plymouth. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master, as returned March 5, 1777; Capt. Warren's co.. Col. Bradford's 
(also given Alden's) regt. ; age, 37 yrs. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Barttlet, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co.. Col. Al)ijah Stearns's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched April 6, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 
2 mos. 28 days, at Dorchester Heights; also, Capt. Partridge's co., Lieut. Col. 
Samuel Pierce's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted May 18, 1779; service (illegible) ; 
stationed at Little Compton, R. I., on an alarm. 

Barttlet, William. Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched April 6, 1778 ; discharged July 2, 1778 ; service, 

2 mos. 28 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Baettlit, Jonathan, Leverett. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickenson's co.. Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Amherst; ser- 
vice, 11 days ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; service, 

3 mos. 8 days. 

Bartwer, John. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent from Halifax to Boston in the cartel 
"Swift," Sept. 30, 1778. 

Baruy, John, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Array from 1st HoUis- 
ton CO. dated Feb., 1778; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Holliston; 
joined Capt. Robert Allen's co.. Col. Ichabod Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bart, Edward. Private, Capt. Eleazer Crabtree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 1775; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 daj's, at Frenchman's Bay. 

Bary, Ephraim, Danvers. Private, Capt. Asa Prince's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days. 

Bary, High, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. David Noble's co., Col. John Patison's regt., 
which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
Pittsfield and Richmond ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted into the army. 

Bart, Shears. Private, Capt. Lemuel Dexter's co.. Col. Learned's regt. ; pay abstract 
for mileage from Oakham and return dated Roxbury Camp, Jan., 1776. 

Barzen, John. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bas, Andrew. Capt. Josiah Stearns's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Basa, Nathan. Col. Shephard's (4th) regt.; warrant to pay officers and men [year 
not given] . 

Bascom, . [This name also appears under the form of Bascomb, Baskam, Baskom, 

Baskum.] 



744 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bascom, Elisha. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Lyman's co., Col. J. Ward's regt. ; list 
of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Jan. 29, 1776. 

Bascom, Elisha. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Lemuel Pomeroy's 7th (1st Southampton) 
CO., 2d Hampshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 
5, 1776. 

Bascom, Elisha. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's co., 6th Hampshire Co. regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days, on an 
expedition at the Northward. Roll dated Northtield. 

Bascom, Ezekiel, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co., Col. David Field's 
regt.; pay roll for service from Aug. 14 to Aug. 18, 1777, 4 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 

Bascom, Lemvel. Private, Capt. John Wells's co.. Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 100 
days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777; also, Capt. Agrippa 
Wells's CO., Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; 
service, 38 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army after the evacuation of 
Ticonderoga. 

Bascom, Moses, Western. Corporal, Capt. Reuben Read's co.. Col. Jonathan AVarner's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury ; service, 25 days. 

Bascom, Moses, Conway. Capt. French's co.. Col. John Mosely's regt.; list of men 
who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Hampshire Co. 
militia ; reported failed to join regiment. 

Bascom, Samuel, Western. Lieutenant, Capt. Josiah Putnam's co.. Col. Jedediali 
Foster's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Roxbury ; service, 8 days. 

Bascom, Sajiuel. Muster Master's receipt dated Worcester, July 16, 1782 ; enlisted for 
town of Sturbridge ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bascom, Samuel, Western. Private, Capt. Thayer's co.. Col. Fellows's regt. ; com- 
panj' return dated Dorchester, Oct., 1775 ; also, Capt. John Holden's (4th) co., 
Col. Thomas Nixon's 5th (also given 6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Aug. 3, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll dated Highlands, 
June 12, 1779; also, muster roll for Aug., 1779; reported sick in general hospital. 
New Hackensack, from July 3, 1779; also, pay abstract for Sept., 1779; reported 
sicli in hospital. 

Bascom, Samuel, Jr., Western. Private, Capt. Josiah Putnam's co.. Col. Jedediah 
Foster's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the ahirm of April 19, 
1775, to Roxbur}' ; service, 8 days. 

Bascom, Thomas, Amherst. Sergeant, Lieut. Eli Parker's co., wliich niarclied on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 13 days. 

Bascom, Timothy, Greenfield. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt., which marclied April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 10 days; reported enlisted into the army May 1, 1775; also, Capt. 
Wells's CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, receipt for wages for Sept., 1775, dated 
Prospect Hill; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; «/so, order for bount.y 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 27, 1775. 

Bascomb, James. Seaman, sloop "Providence," commanded by Capt. John Paul 
Jones; list of men entitled to prize sliares in the ship "Alexander," captured 
Sept. 20, 1776; also, Seaman, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul 
Jones; list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and l)rig "Ac- 
tive " [year not given] . 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 745 

B.vscoMB, Samuel, 'Western. Private, Capt. Abel Thayer's co., Cul. Jolin Fellows's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted July 24, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Baser, John. Capt. Job Sumner's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; muster return 
[year not given] ; reported deserted. 

Baset, Bexjamix. Account dated Jan. 3, 1783; reported furloughed for 1.50 days. 

Baset, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Elijah Smalley's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Baset, Richard. Private, Capt. Elijah Smalley's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Baset, Stephen. Prix^te, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co. ; enlisted May 3, 1779 ; discharged 
Nov. 2, 1779 ; service, 6 mos., at Falmouth. 

Basett, James. Capt. Peleg Wadsworth's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's (16th) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated lloxbury, Nov. 6, 1775. 

Basett, Lot. Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; en- 
listed Aug. 22, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 3 mos. 27 days, at Winter 
Hill. 

Basett, Newcomb, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co., Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 8 days. 

Bashelor, David. Private, Capt. Benjamin Read's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 12, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 
days, at West Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Bashroav, Francis, Nobletown. Private, Capt. John McKinstry's co., Col. John Pat- 
terson's (26th) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 7, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 
26, 1775. 

Basie, Francis, Spencer. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 30 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 
9in. ; complexion, light; occupation, hatter; residence, Spencer; enlisted Oct. 1, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Basil, Michael. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point ; enlistment, 
during war; reported in hospital at Albany in April, 1781. 

Basitue, De Satn. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Essex Co. [year 
not given] ; residence, France ; enlisted for town of Ipswich. 

Baskam, Samuel, Western. Private, Capt. Joseph Elliot's co., Col. William Thomas's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 25, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at Battes Hill, Dec. 1, 1781. 

Baskom, William. Private, Lieut. Jaliez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with de- 
tachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Council 
of May 12, 1777. 

Baskum, Ezekiel. Capt. John Wells's co.. Col. David Wells's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, in Northern 
department. Roll dated Shelburne. 

Baskuji, Samuel, Western. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 7, 1778; 
Capt. Rich's co.. Col. Converse's regt.; age, 24 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Western. 



7-i6 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Basxail, Thomas. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 10, 1781, as returned bj' 
order of Gen. Heath; Capt. Winthrop Sargent's cc, ;3d Artillery regt. ; age, 28 
yrs. ; stature, "> ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; enlisted May Ifi, 1779, by Capt. Sar- 
gent; rank, Matross; enlistment, during war; reported deserted Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bason, Caesar, Westford. Private, Capt. Jonathan Minot's co., Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177o; service, 12 days; also, Capt. 
Abijah AVynian's CO., Col. Prescott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed April 2G, 1775; service, 1 mo. 23 days; reported killed in battle June 17, 
1775, at Bunker Hill; also, company return dated Caml)ridge, Oct. 3, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated "Westford, March 15, 1770. 

Bason, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; service, 2 mos. 23 days, between April 2 and July 2, 1778, at Cambridge. 

Basos.\b.vi,, Maxtinde (also given John M.), Boston. Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Arm3' from Capt. Benjamin Lapham's and Capt. Peter Cushing's cos., 
dated Hingliam, Feb. 17, 1778 ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Hingham ; 
joined Capt. Allen's co., Col. Alden's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; mustered by 
Nathaniel Barl)er, Muster Master. 

B.\ss, . [This name also appears under the form of Baars, Bace, Bearse.] 

B.vss, . List of men dated Newlniry [year not given] . 

Bass, . Private, Capt. John AVells's co., Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hampshire 

Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 100 days, at 
Ticonderoga. 

Bass, Abraham. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Ruggles AVoodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 22 daj'S, 
with Northern army. 

Bass, Abraham. Private, Capt. Sjivanus Rice's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) i-egt. ; 
enlisted Nov. 2, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 26 days, at Claverack. 

Bass, Abraham, Shelburne. Private, Capt. John "Wells's co., Lieut. Col. Timotliy 
Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, 
Feb. 24, 1777; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777; also, 
list of men mustered by Lieut. Col. David "Wells, sworn to Aug. 3, 1780 ; Capt. 
John Wells's co. ; age, 53 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; enlistment, 
3 months; raised for service at Claverack; also, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. 
Seth Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 13, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 7 days; enlistment, 3 montlis; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Bass, Abraham, Hatfield. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, dated Feb. 3, 1781 ; Capt. Miller's co., 
1st regt. ; age, 19 j'rs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; hair, light; resi- 
dence, Hatfield; enlisted Feb. 1, 1777, by Lieut. "Wills at Hatfield; enlistment, 
during war ; also, Capt. Miller's co., Col. "V'ose's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. -May, 
1781, dated "West Point; reported on command at "\^erplanck's Point, Feb.-May, 
1781; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781, dated Phillipslnirgh ; reported 
on command at Yerplanck's Point; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781; repoi'ted on 
command at "V'erplanclv's Point; also, mtister rolls for Sept. -Nov., 1781 ; reported 
on command at Springfield in Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Jan. 
and Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts; reported died Feb. 16, 1782. 

Bass, Abraham. Private, Ca])t. Pattin's co. of artificers, Col. Vose's regt. [year not 
given] . 

Bass, Benja:\iin, Hanover. Lieutenant, Cai)t. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Bailey's 
regt., which marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 14 da3'S. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 747 

Bass, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Lemuel Curtis's co.. Col. Anthony Thomas's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt. ; marched to Cohasset on an alarm March 5, 1776; service, 4 days. 
Roll dated Hanover. 

Bass, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 20, 1776; service, 2 mos., on an alarm at llliode Island; roll dated New- 
port, R. I. ; also, Quartermaster, Col. Cushing's regt. ; list of officers who served 
15 days on an alarm at Bristol, K. I., in Dec, 1776. Roll dated Scituate. 

Bass, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Gawen Brown's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; pay 
roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa. 

Bass, Daxiel. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from March 1, 
1776, to June 1, 1776, 3 mos., at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bass, Daxiel. Matross, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's regt.; pay 
roll for service from Nov. 8, 1777, 1 mo. 5 days, at Boston. 

Bass, Daxiel. Private, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged March 28, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at 
Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bass, Ebexezer. Account of rations for 41 days between May 4 and June 22, 1779, 
dated Boston. 

Bass, Edmuxd, Braintree (North Parish). Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s co., Col. 
Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
3^ days ; company assembled also April 29, 1775. 

Bass, Edward. Capt. Elijah Vose's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Bass, Edwakd, Braintree. Private, Capt. John Vinton's (Independent) co. ; muster 
roll dated Jan., 1776; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 8 mos. 18 daj^s; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Braintree, Dec. 23, 1775; also, 
Capt. Thomas Pierce's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt. ; return of men in camp 
at Roxbury, Dec. 16, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Ebenezer Thayer, Jr.'s co., 5th Suffolk Co. regt. (also given Capt. 
Zebedee Snell's co., 3d Plymouth Co. regt.), dated Braintree, Jan. 20, 1778; 
residence, Braintree (also given Bridgewater) ; enlisted for town of Braintree (also 
given Bridgewater) ; joined Capt. Keith's co., Col. Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 
3 years or during war ; reported mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master ; 
also. Sergeant, Capt. James Keith's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from April 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Storey's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to May 30, 1780. 

Bass, Elisha, Boston. Bombardier, Capt. Edward Burbeck's co.. Col. Richard Grid- 
ley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 26 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Jan. 6, 1776. 

Bass, Ford, East Hoosac (also given Adams). Private, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co., 
which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
"Williamstown ; service, 14 days ; also, Capt. Sloan's co.. Col. John Patterson's 
regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 6, 1775; also, mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Bass, Hezekiah. Private, Lieut. Abner Dwellee's co. ; marched to Manchester July 
20, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 16 days. Roll sworn to at Boston. 



748 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bass, Jedediah, Boston. Corporal, Capt. Abner Cranson's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt. ; receipts for wages for Aug. and Sept., IZTS, dated Prospect Hill; also, 
Private, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; reported on furlough; 
also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 
2. 177"); also. Corporal, Col. Elisha Sheldon's (2d) regt. of light dragoons; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 12, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
return made up to April 22, 1779, dated Durham ; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war; also, return made up to June 18, 1779, dated Fishkill; also. Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 1, 1780. 

Bass, Jeremiah, Braintree. Private, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; service, 1 mo. 26 days, between July 31, 1776, and Jan. 1, 1777. 

Bass, Jeriah, Braintree. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co.. Col. Palmer's regt. ; 
service from March 4 to March 11, 1776, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; 
also, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 1, 
1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 1 day. 

Bass, Johx. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co., Col. Palmer's regt. ; service 
from March 4 to March 19, 1776, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bass, Johx, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Cajjt. Edmund Billings's co., Col. 
Jonathan Bass's regt. ; company assembled June 13, 1776, to drive the British 
ships out of Boston harbor ; service, 2 daj'S. 

Bass, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 20, 1777; roll made up to March 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 10 days, with Maj. 
Edward Procter's detachment of guards at Fort Hill, Boston. 

Bass, Johx, Leominster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Nathaniel Carter's co., 8th "Worcester Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; joined Capt. 
M'illiam Warner's co.. Col. Marshal's (10th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during 
Avar; also, Capt. Warner's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; abstract of cloth- 
ing for 1778; also, list of men's names on a wage account for 1778-82; reported 
discharged March 1, 1780. 

Bass, Joxas. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co., Col. Thomas Crafts's regt.; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 20 days, at and about Boston [year not given] ; company drafted 
agreeable to resolves of Sept. 16, 1777, and Feb. 13, 1779. 

Bass, Joxas Stoxe, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780 ; Capt. 
Brailsford's co.. Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
9 in.; complexion, light; residence, Boston; enlistment, 3 months; marched 
under Brig. Gen. John Fellows; also, Private, Capt. Alexander Hodgdon's co., 
Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged 
Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Armj'. 

Bass, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; ab- 
stract for mileage dated Dec. 1, 1776. 

Bass, Joxathax. Lieutenant Colonel, Col. Joseph Palmer's (5th) Suffolk Co. regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia, chosen bv Legislature Feb. 2, 1776 ; commissioned 
Feb. 7, 1776. 

Bass, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. David "Wells's regt.; 
enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Bass, Joxathax. Lieutenant, Capt. Zebulon Norten's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 11, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 16 
days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Fletcher's (7th) co.. Col. Simonds's 
(2d Berkshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 25, 
1778. 



IN THE WAE OF THE REVOLUTION. 749 

Bass, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Jonathan Thajer's co., Col. Barnes's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 11, 1781; discharged Oct. 2t, 1781; service, 10 days; marched to Stillwater 
on an alarm. Roll dated Partridgefield. 

Bass, Joseph. Private, Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 22, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 17 days; company 
raised to reinforce Northern armj'. 

Bass, JosF.rii. Boml)ardier, Lieut. Eljenezer Matoon's co., Capt. Lieut. James Furni- 
vall's detachment drafted from Gen. Warner's brigade ; enlisted Sept. 10, 1777 ; 
discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 20 days, at the Northward. 

Bass, Joseph. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. AVilliams; 
engaged May 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days; reported as one of the crew placed 
on board the ship " Putnam " or who left the brig on her arrival at Boston. 

Bass, Joseph. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. AVilliams; 
engaged May 12, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days ; reported as one of the crew placed 
on board the ship " Putnam " or who left the brig on her arrival at Boston. 

Bass, Joseph, 2d. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co., Col. Palmer's regt.; ser- 
vice from March 4 to March 14, 1776, 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bass, Joseph, Jr., Braintree (North Precinct). Corporal, Capt. Edmund Billings's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Bass's regt.; company assembled June 13, 1776, to drive the 
British ships out of Boston harbor; service, 5 days. 

Bass, Josiah, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Stephen Pennimau's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bass, Moses, Hingham. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co.. Col. Solo- 
mon Lovell's regt. ; service from March 15 to March 16, 1776, 1 day, at Hingham. 

Bass, Nathaniel. Council warrant dated June 6, 1780, drawn for bounty, etc., to be 
paid said Bass for enlisting for 9 months, agreeable to resolve of June 8, 1779. 

Bass, Obadiah. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Amasa Cranson's 2d (1st Marlborough) co., 
Lieut. Col. Cyprian How's (4th Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of oflicers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned July 9, 1776; also, Capt. Thomas Brintnal's co.. Col. 
Cyprian Howe's regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; ser%ice, 
3 mos. 26 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; compan.v raised to rein- 
force Continental Army. 

Bass, Philip, Boston. Capt. John Popkin's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt.; company return dated Sept. 27, 177r); aZso, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Jan. 2, 1776. 

Bass, Philip. Prizemaster, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged May 10, 1779; rolls made up to Sept. 6, 1779; service, 3 mos. 
27 days. 

Bass, Philip. Volunteer, State ship "Tartar," commanded by Capt. John Cathcart; 
engaged June 22, 1782 ; roll made up to Nov. 22, 1782 ; service, 5 mos. 

Bass, Philip. Seaman ; list of prisoners to be exchanged for British prisoners sent to 
Halifax in cartel " Swift " [year not given] ; exchanged for James Stodard. 

Bass, Reubex. Private, Capt. William Satterlee's co.. Col. Moses Hazen's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1777 ; reported 
died Nov. 1, 1777; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; enlistment, during war. 

Bass, Samvel, Boston. Private, Capt. Jacob Gould's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 13 weeks; also, 
Capt. Gould's CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; stationed at Fort No. 2. Cambridge ; also, Capt. Gould's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, 
Dec. 12, 1775. 



750 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bass, Samuel. List of men who agreed to enlist for 1 year from March 7, 1776. 

Bass, Samvel, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co., Col. Simepn Gary's 
regt. ; roll made up for 5 days wages between time of enlistment and time of 
marching, dated April 2, 1776. 

Bass, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; 
ser^^ce, 4 days; company asseml)led at Braintree June 13, 1776, upon orders to 
march to Horse Neck, and June 21, 177G, upon orders to march to Nantasket. 

Bass, Samvel. Sergeant, Capt. Bartholomew York's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
(18th) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted 
May 20, 1776 ; also, muster roll dated Boston, July 15, 1777 ; enlisted by Capt. 
York Dec. 24, 1775. 

Bass, Samuel. Private, Capt. Silas "Wild's co., Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; enlisted 
Nov. 4, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 6 days, at Cambridge. 

Bass, Samuel, Boston. Private, Col. Elisha Sheldon's (2d) regt. of light dragoons; 
Contmental Army pay accounts for service from March 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, return taken to April 22, 1779, dated Durham ; enlistment, during war ; also, 
return taken to June 18, 1779, dated Fishkill ; also, Continental Arm.v pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men ; Col. Shelden's regt. ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, 1)rown ; 
occupation, cooper; residence, Boston; enlisted May 7, 1777, by Capt. Crafts; 
enlistment, during war ; mustered by Corp. Glover. 

Bass, Samuel. 2d Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Caj)!. Winthrop 
Sargent's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; muster rolls for Oct., 1777-Jan., 1778; also, re- 
turns for clothing dated Boston, May 26 and Sept. 2"), 1778; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Eustis's CO., Col. Crane's regt. ; return of men in camp before Aug. 15, 1777, made 
agreeable to order of Council of Felj. 22, 1780; also. Col. Crane's regt.; Conti- 
nental Arm}- pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bass, Samuel, Jr., Braintree. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Thayer's 3d (Independent) co. 
of volunteers; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; discharged June 7, 1776; service, 5 mos. 
7 days. 

Bass, Sa.muel, 2d, Braintree (North Parish). Sergeant, Capt. John Ilall, Jr.'s co.,. 
Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days ; company reported to have also assembled April 29, 1775 ; also, 
1st Lieutenant, Capt. Hall's (1st) co., Col. Palmer's regt.; pay roll for service 
from March 4 to March 19, 1776, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; enlisted June 
1, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 1 day; also, account dated 
Nov., 1776; received ordnance stores for troops at Hull, June 24, 1776; also, 1st 
Lieutenant, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. Line; commissioned Jan. .30, 1777; also, Capt. Warner's (6th) co.. Col. 
Marshall's (10th) regt.; muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; enlisted 
Nov. 6, 1776; reported transferred to Capt. Josiah Smith's (5th) co. ; furloughed 
by Gen. Paterson from Jan. 25 to April 1, 1779. 

Bass, Seth. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co., Col. Palmer's regt.; i)ay roll 
for service from March 4 to March 11, 1776, 7 daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bass, Seth. Marine, brigantine "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
nationality, American; stature, 5 ft. 5jJ in.; engaged May 10, 1779; discharged 
Sept. 6, 1779; service, 3 mos. 28 days. 

Bass, Sylvanus. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co.; pay roll for service from April 14^ 
1776, to June 1, 1776, 1 mo. 16 days, at Elizaljeth Islands. 



Ds" THE WAR OF TIIP: REVOLUTION. 751 

Bass, Thomas, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Robert Swan's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's 
reJTt. ; ser\'ice from June 13 to Jnne 16, 1776, 3 clays ; marched to Squantum (The 
Moon) when the British fleet left Boston harbor. 

Bass, Thomas. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's co. ; enlisted Aug. 7, 1780 ; 
rolls made up to Oct. 21, 1781 ; service, 14 mos. 19 days, at Castle and Governor's 
Islands, under His Excellency John Hancock ; also, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; 
paj' rolls for service from Oct. 25, 1781, to Juh' 24, 1783, 21 mos., at Castle and 
Governor's Islands. 

Bass, Thojias, Norton. Private, Capt. Josiah King's co., Col. David Brewer's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 20, 1775; service, 1 mo. 2 weeks; 
also, compan J' -return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. King's co., Col. Rufus Put- 
. nam's (late Brewer's) 9th regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Roxbury, Dec. 2, 1775; also, Capt. Israel Trow's co., Col. John Hathaway's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; service, 20 days, in April and May, 1777, at Rhode Island; 
also, Capt. Trow's CO., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; pay roll for service from 
May 14, 1777, to July 6, 1777, 1 mo. 24 days, at Rhode Island ; also, list of men 
mustered in Bristol Co. as returned by James Leonard, Muster Master, Sept. 2, 
1777; Capt. Silas Cobb's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; also, Capt. Cobb's co., 
Col. Keyes's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; roll made up to Jan. 2, 1778; service, 

4 mos. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Trow's co., Col. John 
Daggett's regt.; enlisted Jan. 17, 1778; discharged March 31, 1778; service, 2 
mos. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island under command of Maj. Gen. Spencer ; 
company drafted for 3 mos. service ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Bristol Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 17, 1778 ; Capt. Trow's (5th) co.. Col. Daggett's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 

5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, blue; residence, Norton; mus- 
tered by James Leonard, Muster Master. 

Bass, Thomas. Private, Capt. Browning's co., Col. Seth Murray's regt. ; pay abstract 
for 3 mos. service in 1780. 

Bass, William. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with de- 
tachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Council 
of May 12, 1777. 

Bassa, Joseph. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as returned by James Hatch, 
Muster Master, Sept. 10, 1777; Capt. Hollis's co., Col. Robinson's regt. 

Bassa, Nathaniel. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; enlisted 
July 22, 1779; discharged April 22, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bassaroon, Johx. Private, Capt. James Gregg's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Bassat, A.MASA. Capt. Hayward's co., Col. Bailey's (2d) regt.; enlisted Aug. 9, 1779; 
enlistment, 9 months; reported killed Feb. 3, 1780. 

Bassatt, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Benjamin Smith's co. ; pay roll for service from 
June 1, 1776, to Sept. 1, 1776, 3 mos., at Martha's Vineyard. 

Basset, . Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for 9 days service, between 

Jan. 25, 1776, and Feb. 29, 1776, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Abraham. Private, Capt. Peleg Shearman's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; 
roll made up for service from April 20, 1777, to May 13, 1777 ; company stationed 
at Slade's Ferry, R. I., on an alarm; reported deserted, no time allowed. 

Basset, Amasa. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges'sco., Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; return 
for service [probably 5 or 6 months] at Rhode Island, dated Little Compton, April 
10, 1779. 



752 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Basset, Barachiah, Falmouth. Captain; pay abstract for travel allowance to and 
from Camp at Caml)ridge, 1(58 miles, dated Jan. 13, 1776 ; also, Captain, Barnstable 
Co. re.^t. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 21, 177G; also, cer- 
tificate of election dated Watertown, April 10, 177fi, signed by Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman, certifying said Basset to have been chosen Captain of a company raised 
in Barnstable Co. to reinforce Continental Army in Nov., 1775; joined army Dec. 
10, 1775. 

Basset, Bakacuiati, Plymouth. Major; list of sea coast officers at Elizal)eth Islands 
and Martha's Vineyard ; commissioned Jan. 6, 1776; «/.fo. Lieutenant Colonel, 
Plymouth and Barnstable Co. regts. ; official record of a ballot by the House of 
Representatives, dated Jan. 23, 1776; appointment concurred in by Council, Jan. 
23, 1776; regiment raised to serve at Boston until April 1, 1776; also, Lieutenant 
Colonel, Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (also given 14th) regt. ; commissioned Jan. 1, 
1777; list of settlements of rank of Continental officers made at West Point by a 
board held for the purjiose and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779; also. Lieu- 
tenant Colonel and Captain, Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return dated Steenrapie, Sept. 
5, 1780; also, muster roll for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated Huts near West Point. 

Basset, Benjamix, Chatham. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's 5th (also given 9th) 
CO., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Oct. 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Gawen Brown's co., Col. Jack- 
son's regt. ; pa}' roll for Feb., 1778, dated Gueli)h, Pa. ; also, pa}' rolls for June- 
Aug., 1778, dated Providence; also, muster roll for Sept., 1778, dated Pawtuxet; 
also, Lieut. Thomas Turner's co. ; pay rolls for Oct., 1778, and Fel)., 1779, dated 
Garrison at Pawtuxet; also, pay roll for March, 1779; also, Capt. Turner's co.. 
Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; enlisted Oct. 4, 
1777; enlistment, during war; reported on command at Newtown; also, muster 
rolls made up to July 10 and Dec. 31, 1779, dated Camp at Providence. 

Basset, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. James Tisdale's (.3d) co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) 
regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Millin; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 
1783; reported leave granted by Gen. Washington for 5 inos. from Jan. 1, 1783, 
at Hntts, New Windsor; also reported clothing delivered at various dates from 
Dec. 14, 1782, to June 8, 1783. 

Basset, Caleb, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co.. Col. Simeon Gary's 
regt.; roll nnide up for wages for 1 day Ijetween time of enlistment and time of 
marching, dated April 2, 1776. 

Basset, Counelhs. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted Jan. 25, 1776 ; roll made 
up to Feb. 3, 1776 ; service, 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands ; also, pay roll for service 
from April 5, 1776, to June 1, 1776, 1 mo. 26 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Coiixelius. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Baker's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a secret expedition Oct. 4^1777; service, 28 days; 
also, Capt. Ebenezer Jenkins's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service from Sept. 6 to 
Sept. 14, 1778, 8 days, on an alarm at Falmouth and Dartmouth. 

Basset, Daxiel, Barnstable. 1st Lieutenant, Capt, Joshua Gray's co., Col. Car.v's 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 21, 1776; company 
raised to serve until April, 1776; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Micah Haniblin's co.. 
Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; list of officers; commissioned July 5, 1776; also, 
pay roll for service from May 14, 1776, to Aug. 1, 1776, 2 mos. 19 days, dated 
Castle Island ; also, pay roll for Nov., 1776. 

Basset, David, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co., Col. Joseph Otis's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 2 days. 

Basset, David. Private, Capt. John Russell's co. ; enlisted July 28, 1776; enlisted 
into Continental Army Aug. 9, 1776; service, 11 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLL'TIOX. 753 

Basset, Edmvnd. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted Jan. 25, 1776; roll made 
up to Feb. 3, 1776 ; service, 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands ; also, j)ay roll for ser- 
vice from April 5, 1776, to June 1, 1776, 1 mo. 26 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Edmund. Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; pay roll for 
2 mos. 2 days service at Ilhod-e Island, dated Camp at South Kingston, July, 1777. 

Basset, Edward, Milton. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. Tjier's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 20 days, in Dec, 1779, at Rhode Island. 

Basset, Elisha. Private, Capt. Matthias Tolwy's co., Lieut. Col. Hallet's regt. ; en- 
listed July 30, 1780; discharged Xov. 2, 1780; service, 3 mos. 7 daj's, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Basset, Fortvnati's. Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Oct. 9, 177"i; roll 
made up to Dec. 1, 177"); service, 1 mo. 25 days, at Martha's Vineyard; also, 2d 
Lieutenant, Capt. Smith's (1st) co. ; list of sea coast officers at Elizabeth Islands 
and Martha's Vineyard ; commissioned Jan. 6, 1776. 

Basset, Gershom (also given Gokham) , Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's 
CO., Col. Joseph Otis's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Marshfield; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Micah Hamblin's co. ; enlisted July 7, 
1775; rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 24 days. 

Basset, Hayward (also given Howard), Milton. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co., 
Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; pay roll for Dec, 1779, 1 mo. 3 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Basset, Heman. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Convers's regt.; 
service from July 23 to July 26, 1777, 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Basset, Howard. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 10, 1779; roll made 
np to May 4, 1779; service, 2 mos. 24 days, at Boston ; roll made up for 3 mos. 
service ; reported among men who failed to pass muster or were transferred to 
another company. 

Basset, Is.\,\c, Norton. Fifer, Capt. Benjamin Morey's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Basset, Ja.mes. Private, Capt. Thomas Samson's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt., 
Gen. Palmer's brigade; marched on a secret expedition against Newport, R. I., 
Sept. 25, 1777 ; roll made up to Oct. 27, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

B.4.SSET, James. Private, Capt. Jesse Sturtevant's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 30 days, at Rhode Island; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Basset, Jedediah, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 4 days. 

Basset, John. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted Jan. 25, 1776; roll made up 
to Feb. 3, 1776 ; service, 9 days, at Elizabeth Islands ; also, pay roll for service 
from April 5, 1776, to June 1, 1776, 1 mo. 26 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Johx, Yarmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Basset, John, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Ward Swift's co.; return for bounty allowed 
for service on a secret expedition to Rhode Island m Oct., 1777. 

Basset, John. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; 
service, 2 mos. 25 days, between April 2 and July 3, 1778. Roll dated Camp at 
Winter Hill. 



754 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Basset, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Nathan Bassett's co., Maj. Zenath Winslow's regt. ; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Basset, Joseph, Rochester. Sergeant, Capt. Seth Briggs's co., which marclicd on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, -1 days. 

Basset, Josei'h, Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
Maj' 10, 177.") ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1770 ; service, 7 mos. 21 daj's, at Hingham ; 
also, pay roll for 13 days service from Jan. 1, 1776, at Hingham. 

Basset, Joseph. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Abraham Washburn's (2d) co., 3d Plymouth 
Co. regt. ; list of offlcers of Mass. militia ; commissioned March 23, 1776 ; also, 1st 
Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Parker's (2d) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt.; list of 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Maj' 9, 1776 ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Jabez Cottle's co.. Col. Jos. Cushing's regt.; list of offlcers chosen by Hanover 
CO., Dec. 26, 1776; also, petition dated Oct. 2, 1778, signed by said Basset, asking 
for a discharge from his commission as 1st Lieutenant in Capt. Parker's (2d) 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; granted in Council, Oct. 
4, 1778. 

Basset, Joseph, Middleborougli. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 11, 1781 ; 
Capt. John Slueman's co., 3d Artillery regt.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; 
complexion, fair ; residence, Middleborougli ; enlisted April 10, 1777, bj' Lieut. 
Allen; rank, Matross; reported discharged April 10, 1780. 

Basset, Joseph, Barnstable. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Barnstable Co. dated May 10, 1778; joined Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years, to expire Jan., 1780 ; reported mustered Feb. 
15, 1777, by Joseph Otis, Muster Master. 

Basset, Joseph. Private, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service from May 6 to May 7, 1778, 2 days ; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth ; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 5 to Sept. 11, 1778, 6 days; marched on an 
alarm at Dartmouth. Roll sworn to in Plymouth Co. 

Basset, Joseph. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 8 daj-s, with guards at Waquoit ; nnarched on an alarm at Falmouth Sept., 
1778; roll dated Boston ; « Aw, pay abstract for 10 days service on an alarm at 
Falmouth in Sept., 1779, l)y order of Brig. Gen. Otis. 

Basset, Joseph, Jr., Yariiioutli. Drummer, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co., Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Basset, Jotham, Northbridge. Private, Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph 
Read's regt. ; muster rull dated Aug. 1, 177'") ; enlisted May 6, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
3 days; also, company return [jjrobably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 25, 1775. 

Basset, Lot. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay roll for service from April 5, 1776, 
to June 1, 1776, 1 mo. 26 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Lot, Yarmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt.; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. 4 days; also, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt. of guards; marched April 2,1778; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Cambridge; 
enlistment, 3 months. 

Basset, Matht. Mate, brig " Charming Sally," commanded by Capt. Nicholas Bart- 
lett; portage bill for voyage from Boston to France and return ; engaged Jan. 6, 
1777 [service not given] ; also. Mate, brigantine " Penet," commanded by Capt. 
Nicholas Bartlctt, Jr. ; portage bill for voyaire from Boston to France and return ; 
engaged Jan. 6, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 6 mos. 2 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 755 

Basset, Melatiah, Rochester. Private, Capt. Isaac Wood's co.. Col. Thomas Car- 
penter's (Plymouth Co.) rejrt. ; pay roll for service from July 20, 1777, to Aug. 27, 
1777, 1 mo. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; pay roll for service from May G to May 7, 1778, 
2 days ; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 
5 to Sept. 11, 1778, 6 days; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth. Roll sworn to 
in Plymouth Co. 

Basset, Michael. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; roll 
made up to Sept. 1, 1776; serAice, 3 mos. Roll dated Marblehead. 

Basset, Michael. Quartermaster, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Lieut. 
John Lambert ;_ engaged Dec. 11, 1777 [service not given]. 

Basset, Michael, Jr. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; 
roll made up to Sept. 1, 1776; service, 3 mos. Roll dated Marblehead. 

Basset, Nat. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted Jan. 4, 1776; roll made up to 
Feb. 2, 1776; service, 29 days, at Elizabeth Islands; also, pay roll for service 
from April 5, 1776, to June I, 1776, 1 mo. 26 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Nathan, Wareham. Private, Capt. Noah Fearing's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 4 days. 

Basset, Nathan, Jr. Captain, 2d Chatham (9th) co., 2d Barnstable Co. regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 20, 1776; also, Maj. Zenath M'in- 
slow's regt. ; service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Basset, Nath'x, Chatham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Benjamin Godfrey's or Capt. Nathan Bassetfs co., dated Feb. 22, 1778; joined 
Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 8 months, to expire May 10, 1778. 

Basset, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted June 27, 1775 ; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 20 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Basset, Nathaniel, Eastham. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ; pay roll for Oct., 1777 ; service, 31 days, on a secret expedition 
to Rhode Island. 

Basset, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co., Col. John Rand's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt.; enlisted July 11, 1780; discharged Oct. 11, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
11 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Basset, Nevtcojib. Private, Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; enlisted May 6, 1776; 
service, 6 mos. 29 days, at Dartmouth. 

Basset, Philip. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; service from Oct. 14 to Oct. 19, 1780, 5 days; marched by order 
of Gen. Fellows on an alarm at Castleton. 

Basset, Rufus, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 
mos.; n/so, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Nov. 11, 1775; n/so, Capt. Benjamin Dillingham's co. ; enlisted April 16, 1776; 
service, 3 mos. 26 days, at Dartmouth ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Wood's co.. 
Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; pay roll for service from July 20, 
1777, to Aug. 27, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Basset, S.\.muel. Private, Capt. Nathan Basset's co., Maj. Zenath Winslow's regt.; 
service, 6 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Basset, Samuel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Jenkins's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
from Sept. 6 to Sept. 13, 1778, 7 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 



756 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Basset, Samiel, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co. ; service, 2 days, 
guarding prisoners from the ship "Somerset;" roll dated Yarmouth, Jan. 1, 
1779. 

Basset, Seth. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Everett's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovell's brigade; enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Basset, Silas, Rochester. Private, Capt. Earl Clap's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
da.vs ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Basset, Stephen*, Rochester. Private, Capt. Seth Briggs's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April IS), 1775; service, 4 days. 

Basset, Thomas. Private, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
service, from May 6 to May 7, 1778, 2 days ; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth ; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 5 to Sept. 11, 1778, G days; marched on an 
alarm at Dartmouth. Roll sworn to in Plymouth Co. 

Basset, Thomas, Rochester. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Rochester; arrived at Spring- 
field July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 8, 1780, under command of Ebenezer 
Kent. 

Basset, "William. Private, Capt. Timoth}' Paige's co.. Col. James Convers's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 31, 1777; service, 10 days; marched to 
Bennington on an alarm. 

Basset, William. Private, Lieut. John Doty's (2d) co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service, from May (> to May 7, 1778, 2 days ; marched on an alarm at Dartmoutli ; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 5 to Sept. 11, 1778, 6 days; marched on an 
alarm at Dartmouth. Roll sworn to in Plymouth Co. 

Basset, William, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 
Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1778; residence, Boston; enlisted for town of 
Lynn ; joined Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war. 

Basset, William, Jr., Rochester. Private, Capt. Seth Briggs's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Basset, Zebvlon, New Braintree. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Thomas Whipple's or Capt. Francis Stone's co., Worcester Co. regt.. Gen. 
Warner's brigade, dated Feb. 21, 1778 ; joined Capt. North's co., Col. Lee's regt. ; 
enlistment, during war. 

Basset, Zekvlon, Hardwick. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Hastings's co.. 
Col. Rice's regt.; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, black; occuj)a- 
tion, farmer; residence, Hardwick; enlisted Jan. 1, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bassett, . [This name also appears under the form of Baset, Basett, Bassat, 

Bassatt, Basset, Bassit, Bassitt, Bussett.] 

Bassett, . Lieutenant, Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; return of men in service 

Jan. 30, 1778; rei)orted furloughed from Dec. 23, 1777, to May 1, 1778, l)y Gen. 
DeKalb. 

Bassett, Amasa, Norton. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. John llathaway's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; muster roll for April and May, 1777 ; service, 20 days, at Rhode 
Island; also, Capt. Trow's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; pa^- roll for service 
from May 14, 1777, to July 6, 1777, 1 mo. 24 days, at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. 
Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; enlisted Aug. 18, 1777; roll made 



IX THE WAll OF THE llEVOLUTION. T-J < 

Bassett, Amasa, continued. 

np to Jan. 2, 1778; service, 4 mos. 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, 
Capt. Trow's co., Col. John Dafjcgett's rei;t. ; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778 ; discharged 
March 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 20 days, under Maj. Gen. Spencer, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island; company drafted for 3 mos. service; also, Capt. Joseph Cole's 
CO., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted July 6, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 
1779; service, 5 mos. 27 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, descriptive list 
of enlisted men dated Oct. 29, 1779; 2d co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, o ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, 1>ro\vn ; eyes, blue; residence, Nor- 
ton ; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at Springfield ; mustered bv James 
Leonard, Muster Master ; reported delivered to Col. Dean for Capt. Allen's co. 

Bassett, BarachiaIj. Major; order for wages for service from Jan. 16 to Feb. 2, 
177(5, and from April 3 to July 31, 1776, 4 mos. 15 days, dated Tarpolin Cove, July 
31, 1776; also, pay abstract for service from the last of July to Nov. 24, 1776, 3 
mos. 23 days, dated Tarpolen Cove ; also. Lieutenant Colonel, Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. Line ; commissioned Nov. 19, 
1776 (also given Jan. 1, 1777) ; also, list of officers who lost clothing while at 
Ticonderoga, dated Camp above Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777; also. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's 14th (also given 12th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, return of officers dated White Plains, 
Aug. 3, 1778; appointed Nov. 6, 1776; also, return of officers dated West Point, 
May 3, 1779. 

Bassett, Barachiah. Petition dated Boston, May 4, 1782, signed by Joseph Dimuck 
and others, asking that said Bassett be commissioned as commander of the "Fal- 
mouth " (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Maj- 6, 1782, that a commission be 
issued. 

Bassett, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co; enlisted Jan. 18, 1776; rolls 
made up to Nov. 1, 1776 ; service, 10 mos. 4 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 

Bassett, Benjajiix, Chatham. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel 
Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, Oct. 12, 1777; Capt. Brown's co.. Col. 
Henry Jackson's regt. ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Benjamin Godfre\-'s and Capt. Nathan Bassett's cos., dated Feb. 22, 1778; 
enlistment, 3 years, to expire in 1780 (also given during war) ; also, Private, 
Capt. Thomas Turner's (5th) co., Col. Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780 ; also, descrip- 
tive list of enlisted men dated Huts, New York, Jan. 28, 1781 ; Capt. Turner's co., 
Col. Jackson's regt.; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, sandy; hair, 
brown; occupation, yeoman ; rank. Private; residence, Chatham ; enlisted Oct. 4, 
1777, by Capt. Turner; enlistment, during war. 

Bassett, Caleb. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. John Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1776; service, 59^ days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed 
at Newport, R. I. Roll dated Bridgewater. 

Bassett, Caleb. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; 
marched Dec. 8, 1776; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; marched 
to Bristol, R. I. 

Bassett, Caleb, Bridgewater. Sergeant, Capt. William Tapper's co., Col. Nathan 
Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Sept. 28, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; ser^^ce, 
2 mos. 16 days, at Boston. 

Bassett, Corxelius. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; service, 2 mos. 7 days, between 
June 1, 1776, and Sept. 1, 1776, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bassett, Corxelius. Seaman, sloop " Republic," commanded by Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams ; engaged Aug. 7, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1776, at Boston ; service, 3 mos. 
11 davs. 



758 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bassett, Cornelius, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., Col. Josiah 

Whitney's regt. ; arrived in camp May 16, 1777; discharged July 12, 1777; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 2 months ; sta- 
tioned at South Kingston, R. I.; also, I,ieut. El)enezer Baker's co., Col. Nathan 
Freeman's regt. ; pay abstract for 4 days service in Sept., 1779, on an alarm at 
Falmouth. 

Bassett, Daniel, Barnstable. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 
1, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. John Russell's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
Line; commissioned March 11, 1777; also, Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 26, 1777 ; resigned Nov. 26, 1777 ; reported com- 
missioned Nov. 6, 1776. 

Bassett, Daniel. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's (Bristol Co.) 
regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on tlie alarm of Aug. 1, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 
1780; service, 9 days. Roll dated Norton. 

Bassett, David. Private, Capt. Jacob Lovell's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 10 
days, in Sept., 1778; marched on an alarm at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Bassett, Ebenezee, Yarmouth. Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted June 4, 1778; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; service, 7 mos. 

Bassett, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlen's co., Lieut. Col. Hallet's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 mos. 18 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce 
Continental Arm}-. 

Bassett, Edmvnd. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay rolls for service from June 
1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 5 mos. 21 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bassett, Edmund, Sandwich. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt.; arrived in camp May 16, 1777; discharged July 12, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 2 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 2 months ; stationed at 
South Kingston, R. I. 

Bassett, Edward. Steward's Mate, ship " General Putnam," commanded by Capt. 
Daniel Waters; engaged July 10 (also given July 12), 1779; service, 1 mo. 25 
days. 

Bassett, Edward. Gunner, State ship " Tartar," commanded In- Capt. John Cath- 
cart; engaged May 30, 1782; discharged Nov. 22, 1782; service, 5 mos. 23 days. 
Roll dated Boston. 

Bassett, Elisha. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 11 
days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Bassett, Elisha. Sergeant, Capt. Micah Chapman's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; ser- 
vice, 13 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778 ; also, Clerk ; 
pay roll for 2 days service guarding prisoners from the ship "Somerset," cast 
ashore at the Cape, dated Jan. 12, 1779. 

Bassett, Elisha, Jr., Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Micah Chapman's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; service, 2 days. 

Bassett, Fortunatus, Falmouth. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted 
Jan. 15, 1776 ; rolls made up to Nov. 21, 1776 ; service, 10 mos. 7 days, at Martha's 
Vineyard; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; 
pay roll for 120 days rations from date of enlistment, Dec. 3, 1776, to March 21, 
1777; marched from Boston to Bennington ; also. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 24, 1777; 
reported furlouglied Dec. 24, 1777, and never returned; also, 4th co.. Col. Brad- 
ford's regt. ; return of officers dated White Plains, Aug. 3, 1778 ; appointed Nov. 
6, 1776 ; reported absent without leave. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 759 



Bassett, IIowaui). Private, Capt. AVilliatn Badcock's co., Col. Pierce's regt. ; enlisted 
March 1, 1778; discharged April .3, 1778; service, 1 lao. 4 days, at Castle Island. 

Bassett, Howard (also given IIaywaud). Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co., Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1779; roll made up for 4 nios. 10 days 
service on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bassett, Isaac, Norton. Private, Cajit. Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Timothj- "Walker's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 10 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 6, 177") ; nho, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Braintree, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Bassett, Isaac, Norton. Private, Capt. John Allen's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
(Bristol Co.) relrt. ; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged July 30, 1780; service, 6 
daj'S, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bassett, James, Kingston. Private, Capt. PelegWadsworth's co., Col. Cotton's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 7, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, descriptive list of enlisted men; 
Capt. Turner's (also given Capt. Jonatlian Felt's) co. ; Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; age, 33 yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, Kingston; enlisted for town of Duxbury; enlisted July 
1, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bassett, Jeremiah, Taunton. Private, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co., Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt.; payroll for service from July 31, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 5 mos.; 
also, Capt. Pelatiah Eddy's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) regt., under 
command of Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched 
from Taunton to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; service, 8 days. 

Bassett, John. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Prospect 
Hill, July 16, 1775, under Col. Loammi Baldwin. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 25 days. Roll dated Barnstable. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Jan. 18, 1770; rolls made 
up to Sept. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 16 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; rolls made up 
to Nov. 21, 1776; service, 5 mos. 21 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. David Nye's (2d AVareham) co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; 
service, 7 days, at Dartmouth, on an alarm Sept. 5, 1778. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Col. Gerrish's regt. of guards; 
enlisted July 29, 1778; roll made up to Sept. 10, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days, 
under Maj. Goodwin, at Boston. 

Bassett, John, Yarmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Griffeth's co., Col. .John Jacobs's 
regt. ; enlisted June 8, 1778; service, 6 mos. 26 days; enlistment to expire Jan. 
1, 1779. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Richards's co. ; service, 1 mo. 2.^ days, agreeable 
to order of Council of Aug. 10, 1779 ; company served with detachment of militia, 
under Capt. Samuel Fisher, at Rhode Island. 

Bassett, John. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlen's co., Lieut. Col. Hallet's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 2 mos. 18 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company detached to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Bassett, Jonathan. Capt. Nathan Alden's co. ; order for wages for 3 mos. service at 
Bristol, R. I., dated Bristol. March 7, 1777. 



760 .MASSAC IirSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bassett, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 

9 days, in Sept., 1778, at Falmouth. 

Bassett, Joseph. Private, Capt. James Perry's co., IGth regt. ; enlisted Dec. 15, 1775 
[service not given] . 

Bassett, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1776 ; rolls made 
up to Aug. 7, 1776 ; service, 6 mos. 3 days, at Tarpaulin Cove and Elizaljeth 
Islands; a/so, Capt. Grannis's co., commanded by Lieut. James Blossom; pay 
roll for service from Aug. 7, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 3 mos. 14 days, at Elizabeth 
Islands. 

Bassett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; pay roll for 
11 days service in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth; also, 
Capt. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; paj' roll for 3 days service in 
Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth; also, Capt. Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 6, 1779; discharged Sept. 16, 1779; service, 11 days, on an 
alarm at Falmouth. 

Bassett, Joseph, Bridgewater. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Edward Cobb's co. ; service, 2 
mos. 4 days [probaljly from April 21, 1777] ; mai'ched from Bridgewater to Bristol, 
R. I. ; roll endorsed " Col. Titconib's regt. ; " also, Capt. Joseph Keith's co.. Col. 
Cotton's regt. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 25, 1777, to Oct. 30, 1777, 1 mo. 5 
days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a secret expedition; also, Capt. Abram 
Washburn's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt. ; marched July 30, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 da.vs, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bassett, Joseph, Raynham. Matross, Capt. John Cullender's co., Col. John Crane's 
(Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 10, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. William Perkins's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; muster 
rolls for Sept.-Dec, 1777; reported sick in hospital at Trenton ; also, Lieut. John 
Callender's co., Col. Crane's regt.; muster rolls for Nov., 1778, and April, 1779, 
dated Providence; reported on command at Tiverton in April, 1779; also, Capt. 
Slewman's co., Col. Crane's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 10, 1780. 

Bassett, Joseph, 2d. Private, Capt. Al)ram Washburn's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's 
regt.; marched Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 8 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bassett, Lot, Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay rolls for service from June 1, 
1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 5 mos. 21 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bassett, Lot, Yarmouth. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; arrived in camp May 11, 1777; discharged Juh- 11, 1777; service, 2 mos. 

10 da3-s, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 2 months; stationed at South 
Kingston. 

Bassett, M.vtthew. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Thorn," com- 
manded by Capt. Richard Cowell, dated Marblehead, Sept. 14, 1780; stature, 5 ft. 
4in. ; complexion, dark. 

Bassett, Melatiah. Private, Capt. William Tupper's co., Col. Titcomb's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 65 days, in May and June, 1777, at Rhode Island. 

Bassett, Melatiah. Private, Capt. John Barrows's co., Col. Al)ijah Stearns's regt. of 
guards; eidisted April 14, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 days, 
at and al)out Boston. 

Bassett, Michael. Private, Capt. William Hooper's co. ; enlisted July 21, 1775; dis- 
charged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 24 days; rolls dated Marblehead; also, 
payrolls for service from Jan. 4, 1776, to May 31, 1776, 4 mos. 28 days, dated 
Marblehead ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 15, 1776, 2 mos. 
15 days, dated Marblehead ; reported discharged. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 761 

Bassett, Michael. Seaman; list of prisoners exchanged from port of Halifax by- 
order of Sir George Collier, June 28, 1777, taken in the snow " Lord Stanley," 
proper!)- belonging to the " True Blue " (privateer). 

Bassett, Nat}£ax. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Jan. 18, 1776; rolls 
made up to Sept. 1, 1776; service, 4 mos. 20 days, at Martha's Vinej'ard. 

Bassett, Nathan. Drummer, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; pay rolls for service between 
June 1, 1776, and Nov. 21, 1776, 5 mos. 14 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 

Bassett, Nathan. Private, Capt. David Nye's (Uth) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt. ; 
service from Dec. 7 to Dec. 10, 1776, 3 days, on an alarm at Elizabeth Islands; 
also, payroll for 10 days service from Dec. 10, 1776; marched on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; niso, Capt. Xye's (2d Warehani) co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; service, 
7 days, at Falmouth, Sept. 12, 1778, on an alarm. 

Bassett, Nathan. Private, Lieut. Hodijah Bayles's co. of grenadiers. Col. Henry 
Jackson's regt. ; pay roll for Feb., 1778, dated Guelph, Pa. 

Bassett, Nathan. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; enlisted March 10, 1781; discharged April 1, 1781; service, 22 days; 
marched to Newport, R. I. ; reported 40 days levies. 

Bassett, Nathan, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Oct. 9, 1775; roll 
made up to Dec. 1, 1775; service, 1 mo. 25 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 

Bassett, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Elisha Nye's co. ; pay rolls for service from June 
1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 5 mos. 21 days, at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bassett, Nathaniel, Sandwich. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co.. Col. Josiah 
"Whitney's regt. ; arrived in camp May 16, 1777 ; discharged July 12, 1777 ; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 3 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; stationed at South Kingston, 
R. I. ; enlistment, 2 months. 

Bassett, Nathaniel. Corporal, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; pay 
roll for 11 days service in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Bassett, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Solomon Higgins's (Eastham) co. ; enlisted July 
10, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 6 days. 

Bassett, Newcomb, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward HBimmond's co.. Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
7 days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Joseph Parker's co., 
commanded by Lieut. John Doty, Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; marched to Fog- 
Ion ( ? ) Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 15 days. 

Bassett, Rufus, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bassett, Samuel, Keene. Fifer, Capt. Jeremiah Stiles's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sar- 
gent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 21, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 18 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Boston, Nov. 10, 1775 ; also, account dated 
Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 1, 1775, for clothing, etc., lost at Bunker Hill June 17, 
•1775. 

Bassett, Samuel. Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Hamilton's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1775; 
service, 6 mos. 16 days ; company stationed in Barnstable Co. 

Bassett, Samuel. Capt. John Russell's co., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt. ; pay abstract 
for service from June 29, 1776, to Nov. 22, 1776; stationed at Martha's Vineyard. 

Bassett, Samuel, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ; pay abstract for 1 mo. 4 days service on a secret expedition to 
Rhode Island ; marched Sept. 27, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for 9 days service in 
Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Falmouth. 



762 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bassett, Sasiuel. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Smith's co. ; enlisted Oct. 9, 1775 ; roll 
made up to Dec. 1, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 25 days, at Martha's Vineyard ; also, 
Seri^eant; pay rolls for service l)et\veen Jan. 18, 1776, and Sept. 1, 1776, 5 raos. 16 
days, at Martha's Vineyard; also, Lieut. Ebenezer Baker's co.. Col. Nathaniel 
Freeman's regt. ; pay roll for 4 days service in Sept., 1779, on an alarm at 
Falmouth. 

Bassett, Silas, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Bassett, Stephen. Private, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 
from Sept. 11 to Sept. 15, 1779, 5 days, on an alarm at Falmouth by order of Brig. 
Otis. 

Bassett, Thomas. Seaman, brigantine "Rising Empire," commanded by Capt. 
Richard Whellen; engaged June 16, 1776; discharged Sept. 4, 1776; service, 
2 mos. 19 days. 

Bassett, Thomas. Private, Capt. David Nye's (14th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt.; 
service, from Dec. 7 to Dec. 10, 1776, 3 days, on an alarm at Elizabeth Islands; 
also, pay roll for 6 days service at Rhode Island on tlie alarm of Dec. 10, 1776. 

Bassett, Thomas, Rochester. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Roches- 
ter for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 3, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 17, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 26 days; also. Private, Lieut. Col. Wil- 
liam Hull's CO., Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt.; muster roll for Nov., 1780; en- 
listed July 8, 1780; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bassett, William, Rochester. Ensign, Capt. Al)iel Pierce's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; marched Aug. 30, 1776 ; company raised for defence of Boston ; also, re- 
turn dated Dorchester, Sept. 21, 1776; also, pay abstract for Ijlanket money, etc., 
dated Nov., 1776. 

Bassett, William. Private, Capt. John Russell's co., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Sept. 30, 1776, to Nov. 22, 1776, 1 mo. 22 days; stationed 
at Martin's (?) Vineyard. 

Bassett, William, Rochester. Private, Capt. Joseph Parker's co., commanded by 
Lieut. John Doty, Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; marched to Foglon ( ?) Ferrj% 
R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 8 days. 

Bassett, AVilliam. Private, Capt. Micah Chapman's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 13 days ; marched on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth Sept. 6, 1778. 

Bassett, William. Sergeant, Capt. Simeon Fish's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
11 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth ; also, pay roll 
for 2 days service from Sept. 11 to Sept. 12, 1779, on an alarm at Falmouth. 

Bassett, Zachaiiiah. Private, Capt. William Badcock's co.. Col. Pierce's regt. ; en- 
listed March 1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 4 days, at Castle 
Island. 

Bassett, Zebilon. Private, Capt. Jonathan Drown's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 82 days rations from date of enlistment, March 25, 1777, 
to June 16, 1777, dated Boston. 

Bassett, Zehulon, New Braintree. Private, Col. William R. Lee's regt.; reported 
deserted June 7, 1778. 

Bassit, Amasa. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co.. Col. Hathaway's regt. ; enlisted 
March 24, 1779 ; discharged April 17, 1779 ; service, 25 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 763 

Bassit, Daxiel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Oct. 31, 1776, 3 mos. 

Bassit, Elijah. Private, Capt. Rufus Barney's co., Col. Carpenter's regt.; marched 
to Tiverton, 11. I., for 6 days service; service, 4 days; roll dated July 28, 1780. 

Bassit, Isaac. Private, Capt. Seth Smith's co., Col. Isaac Dean's (4th Bristol Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Norton. 

Bassit, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joseph Palmer's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on an alarm Sept. 20, 1776; service, 1 mo. 26 days; 
stationed at Newport, R. I. Roll sworn to at Falmouth. 

Bassitt, Cornelius. Corporal, Capt. Joshua Tobey's co. ; enlisted July 12, 1775; 
service, 6 mos. 4 days. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Bassitt, Edmvnd. Corporal, Capt. Joshua Tobey's co. ; enlisted July 22, 1775; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 22 days. Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Basson, Nathaxiel. Drummer, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay roll for service from 
Aug. 16, 1783, to Oct. 24, 1783, 2 mos. 9 days, at Castle and Governor's Islands; 
also, Private; pay roll for service from Oct. 25, 1783, to Jan. 24, 1784, 3 mos., at 
Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Bassord, James, New Salisbury. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
resolve of April 20, 1778; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; 
hair, light; eyes, light; residence, New Salisbury (also given Newburyport) . 

Bastax, Wixthrop, North Yarmouth. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Wentworth's co. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated "Watertown, Aug. 20, 1776. 

Bastarach, Joseph. Private. Capt. Isaiah Boudreau's co. of Frenchmen, Col. Jonathan 
Eddy's regt. ; enlisted Nov. 14, 1776; discharged Feb. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos.; 
company raised in Cumberland Co., N. S. Roll dated Machias. 

Basteex, Joseph. Private, Capt. Acter Patten's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 18 days, between July 6, 1779, and Sept. 25, 1779, on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Baster, . Private, Capt. John Perry's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt.; enlisted 

July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 7, 1780; service, 2 mos. 12 days, at Rhode Island; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bastiax, . Boy, State brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 

engaged July 3, 1778; discharged Oct. 14, 1778; service, 3 mos. 13 days. 

Basto, Isaac. Private, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co., Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; 
enlisted July 11, 1779; roll made up to Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 13 days; 
marched on expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Basto, James, Duxbury. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 10, 1778; Capt. 
Partridge's co.. Col. Cotton's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, 
dark; residence, Duxbury. 

Basto, Moses, Concord. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co., agree- 
able to resolve of June 9, 1779; age, 41 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; 
residence. Concord; delivered to Lieut. William Storey. 

Basto, Moses, Concord. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's (15th) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 10, 1781 ; Capt. 
Houdin's co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) regt.; age, 48 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, gray; residence, Concord; enlisted Dec, 1779, 



764 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Basto, Moses, continued. 

br Capt. Brown ; enlistment, during war; reported joined from 15th regt. ; also, 
Capt. Michael G. Iloudin's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.- 
April, 1781, dated West Point; reported an artificer. 

Baston, . [This name also appears under the form of Bastan, Bastian, Boston.] 

Bastox, Daniel, Wells. Private, Capt. Bragdon's co.. Col. Scammon's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probabl}- Aug., 1775] ; enlisted July 5, 1775 ; reported deserted Aug. 
25, i775. 

Baston, Ebexezer, Windham. Capt. Richard Maybery's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 05 days rations from date of enlistment, Dec. 16, 1776, to 
time of arrival at Bennington. 

Bastox, Elijah, Wells. Private, Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
regt.; company return [probably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 1, 1775. 

Baston, Gersiiosi. Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co., Col. James Scammon's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 1, 1775. 

Baston, Janer or Taner, Scarborough. Capt. John Skillins's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 45^ days rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 3, 
1777 [probably], to time of arrival at Bennington. 

Baston, Joh. Private, Capt. Thaddeus Read's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island; marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Baston, Jonathan, Sandford. Private, Capt. Samnel Sayer's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mon's (30th) regt.; company return [probably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 27, 
1775. 

Baston, Timothy, Sandford. Private, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mons's (30th) regt. ; company return [probably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej', dated Camlmdge, Oct. 27, 
1775. 

Baston, William, Wells. Private, Capt. Joshua Bragdon's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mon's regt.; company return [probably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in mone}-, dated Caml)ridge, Dec. 20, 1775; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Samuel Sayer's co. (commanded by Lieut. Samuel Young 
after Aug. 3, 1779), (late) Maj. Littlefield's detachment from York Co.; enlisted 
July 7, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 nios., on Penobscot expedition. 

Baston, Winthror, North Yarmouth. Captain; enlisted Jan. 29 [year not given] 
(company known to have been raised Feb., 1776, for 2 mos. service at or about 
Boston) ; also. Captain, Col. Jacob French's regt. raised in Bristol and Cumber- 
land counties; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned March 13 (also 
given March 26), 1776; stationed at Winter Hill. 

Bastow, George. Private, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co.. Col. William Jones's 
regt. ; pay roll for 2 days service retaking mast-ship " Gruell " and guarding the 
same, dated New Castle, Sept. 15, 1777. 

Bastow, IIatherly, Hanover. Private, Capt. Turner's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt.; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bastow, Samiel. Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 18, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 765 

Bastow, William, Sutton. Sergeant, Capt. William Moore's co.. Col. William Shep- 
pard's 4th (also given 3d) regt. ; Continental Army pa.v accounts for service from 
Feb. 1, 1777, to Dec. .31, 1779; credited to town of Sutton ; enlistment, during war; 
also, Capt. Thomas Fisher's co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster roll for July and 
Aug., 1778; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1778, and March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; also, Capt. Moor's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Sept. 20, 1780; reported discharged on 
account of bodilj' infirmity; also, return made up to Dec. 31, 1780, dated Moun- 
tain Hutts, West Point. 

Bastow, William, Providence. 4th Mass. regt. ; list of men who served 3 years. 

Bastroav, Nicholas. _Ileturn of men enlisted into Continental Army during 1781 and 
1782 reported unfit for service ; Artillery regt. ; age, 57 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in. ; 
enlisted for town of Wrenthara ; enlistment, 3 years ; disability, deafness. 

Bastwick, Zed'h. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted May 4, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 2 mos. 
27 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Baswell, Johx, Boston. List of men in Col. David Henley's regt., dated Boston, 
Feb. 16, 1778; also, Fife Major, Capt. Ezra Lunt's co.. Col. Henley's regt.; pay 
rolls for April and May, 1778, sworn to at Providence; enlistment, during war; 
reported deserted June 12, 1778. 

Baswick, Evertox. Ensign, Capt. Robert Webster's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt. ; 
list of officers in camp at Iloxbury, May 31, 1775; commissioned June 7, 1775. 

Bat, Laxkester, Newlniry. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. [See Lancaster Bick.] 

Batchalder, Israel. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(26th) regt. ; return for mileage, etc., for the year 1776 ; reported deceased. 

Batchaldor, Israel. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Lieut. Col. Baldwin's 
(38th) regt.; muster roll for Sept. and Oct., 1775; entered service April 19, 1775; 
enlisted into the army May 1, 1775. 

Batchalor, Enoch. Corporal, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 4. 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 14 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Batchalor, Israel. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstract for June, 1776. 

Batchelar, Jeremiah, Upton. Pay roll for 6 months men raised Ijy the town of 
Upton for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched to West Point 
Aug. 6, 1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; service, 4 mos. 21 days. 

Batchelar, Joseph, Upton. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Upton 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched to West Point Aug. 6, 
1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; service, 4 mos. 21 days. 

Batchelder, . [This name also appears under tlie form of Bachaler, Bachalor, 

Bachelder, Bacheler, Bacheldor, Bacheldore. Bacheleldr. Baclieller. Bachellor, 
Bachelor, Bachilder, Bachilo, Bachillor, Bachlicor, Bachior, Bacholter, Bactherer, 
Bashelor, Batchalder, Batchaldor, Batchalor, Batchelar, Batcheldor, Batcheler, 
Batcheller, Batchellor, Batchelor, Batchelter, Batcherder, Batchlar, Batchlder, 
Batchldor, Batchlor, Batcholder, Batcholdor, Battchelor, Bocldr.] 

Batchelder, Abxer. Corporal, Capt. Bartholomew Woodbury's co.. Col. John Cush- 
ing's regt.; enlisted Aug. 13, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 27 
days, in Northern department. Roil sworn to at Worcester. 



766 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batchelder, Abner. Sergeant, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co., Col. Jacob Davis's regt. ; 
marched July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 12.^ days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Batcheldeu, Ahraiiam. Lieutenant, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's 
regt. ; raarclied July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 13^ days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Batchelder, Archelais, Beverly. Ensign, Capt. Asa Prince's co., Col. Mansfield's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 25, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 14 
days. 

Batchelder, Asa, Beverly. Capt. Billy Porter's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 40 days rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 13, 1777, to time of 
arrival at Bennington; marched March 12, 1777; also, Private, Capt. Porter's co., 
Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 13, 1780. 

Batchelder, Benjamin, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted 
July 18, 1775; pay rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 27 days, at 
Marblehead; also, pay roll for' service from Jan. 4, 1776, to Feb. 29, 1776, 1 mo. 
28 days; also, Matross, Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. of coast guards; pay rolls 
for service from March 1, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 10 mos. ; also, list of men appearing 
on a memorandum of beef delivered Felj. 18, 1777. 

Batchelder, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from July 30, 1777, to Sept. 2, 1777, 1 mo. 4 days ; marched 
from Brookfield to IJennington and Half Moon. 

Batchelder, Benjamin. Receipt for bounty paid him by the town of Upton to serve 
in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years dated Upton, April 10, 1781. 

Batchelder, Benjamin. Receipt for equipments dated Falmouth, Dec. 1, 1781, given 
to Capt. John Reed. 

Batchelder, Benjamin. List of men taken from Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutchin- 
son of the 27th regt. dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776 ; reported a Sergeant l)elonging 
to Capt. Putnam's (3d) co. ; taken prisoner at Fort Washington. 

Batchelder, Benjaaiin, Jr., Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted 
July 19, 1775; pay rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 26 days, at 
Marblehead. 

Batchelder, Cornelus, Littleton. Capt. Samuel Gilbert's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Oct. 30, 1775. 

Batchelder, Ezra. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co.. Col. Jacob Davis's regt.; 
marched July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 13^ days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Batchelder, George, Marl)lehead. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's co. ; enlisted 
July 24, 1775; pay rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 21 days, at 
Marblehead; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 4, 1776, to Feb. 29, 1776, 1 mo. 
28 days ; also, Matross, Capt. Edward Fettyplace's co. ; pay rolls for service from 
March 1, 1776, to Sept. 1, 1776, 6 mos. 

Batchelder, Gideon. Corporal, Capt. John Low's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 21, 
1775; also, Sergeant, Capt. Lowe's (6th) co., 27th regt.; list of officers [year not 
given] . 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 767 

Batchelder, Israel, Wenham. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's 
(late Gerrish's) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; ser- 
vice, 13 weeks 1 day; also, Capt. Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's (•26tb) regt.; pay 
abstracts for Jan., Feb., March and May, 1776; also, receipt dated New York, 
Aug. 11, 1776. 

Batchelder, James. Receipts for allowance to April 30, 1776, and from April to July 
13, 1776, dated Long Island, given to Capt. Nathaniel Wade; also, abstract for 
arms, etc., dated Prospect Hill, 1776. 

Batchelder, James. Private ; list of enlisted men made up to Jan., 1781 ; Capt. 
Story's (5th) co.. Col. Michael Jackson's (8th) regt.; enlistment, during war; 
reported transferred to invalid corps at Boston, Oct. 30, 1780. 

Batchelder, Jeremiah, Upton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Batchelder, Johx, Beverly. Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Dodge's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Beverly (2d Parish) to Lexington and Concord ; 
service, 2 days. 

Batchelder, Johx. Pi-ivate, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. David Field's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 19, 1777, 4 days ; marched to the North- 
ward by order of Gen. Gates; dismissed by Gen. Lincoln. Roll sworn to at 
Boston. 

Batchelder, Johx, Ipswich. Corporal, Capt. Robert Dodge's co.. Col. Samuel John- 
son's regt.. Gen. Warner's brigade; marched Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Dec. 14, 
1777 ; service, 4 mos., at Peekskill ; company detached from 3d regt. 

Batchelder, Johx. Capt. Jonathan Procter's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 17, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
17 days, at Charlestown and Cambridge. 

Batchelder, Jonathax, Beverly. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Caleb Dodge's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Beverly (2d Parish) to Lexington 
and Concord; service, 2 days. 

Batchelder, Joseph, Marblehead. Private, Capt. John Selman's (8th) co., Col. John 
Glover's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 27, 1775; service, 
2^ mos. 3 days; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 9, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Marblehead, Jan. 3, 1776. 

Batchelder, Joseph, Upton. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Batchelder, Joshua, Sanford. Private, Capt. Morgan Lewis's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Batchelder, Josiah, Wenham. Lieut. Billy Porter's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; order 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Ebenezer 
Francis's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days. 

Batchelder, Nathax. Private, Capt. Moses Brown's co. ; enlisted July 15, 1775; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 2 days, at Beverlj^; also, Capt. Brown's (7th) co.. Col. John Glover's 
(14th) regt.; pay abstracts for Feb.-Sept., 1776; enlisted Jan. 9, 1776. 

Batchelder, Nathan. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. 
Jonathan Ilaraden ; engaged March 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 31, 1777. 



768 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batchelder, Nehemiah, Stow. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Nathaniel Maynard's (4th) co., 
Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt. ; list of officers drafted from 4th Middlesex Co. 
regt., as returned l)y Brig. Oliver Prescott at Grotoii, Dec. 5, 1776; regiment or- 
dered to march to Fairfield, Conn., on or before Dec. 16, 1776. 

Batchelder, Samiel, Pearsontown. Private, Capt. Benjamin Parker's co.. Col. 
Nathaniel AVade's regt. ; enlisted June 25 [probably 1778] ; enlistment, 6 months, 
for service at llliode Island; also, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co., Col. Nathaniel 
AVade's regt. ; enlisted June 25, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 nios. 19 
days, at Rliode Island ; a/so, muster roll for Jan. -Sept., 1778, dated F.ast Green- 
wich; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan. -Oct., 1778, 
dated Warwick. 

Batchelder, Theophiu's, Georgetown. Corporal, Capt. James Lemont's co. ; en- 
listed July 22, 1775; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 nios. 22 days, at 
Georgetown ; also, 2d Lieutenant ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
July 12, 1778; company detached to guard troops of convention. 

Batchelder, Timothy, Beverlj-. Lieut. Billj- Porter's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also. Private, Capt. Eben- 
ezer Francis's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted 
May 7, 1775 ; service, .3 mos. 2 days ; also, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Israel Hutchin- 
son's regt. ; order for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, 
Oct. 26, 1775. 

Batchelder, William. Private, Capt. Isaac Sherman's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstract for March, 1776. 

Batchelder, William, Boston. Private, Major's co., Col. Wesson's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 22, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; resi- 
dence, Boston ; credited to town of Rowley. 

Batcheldor, . Lieutenant, Capt. Newhall's (1st) co., 27th regt. ; return of officers 

[year not given] . 

Batcheldor, Abel, Beverly. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d 
Beverly co., Essex Co. regt., dated Fel). 13, 1778; residence, Beverly; enlisted 
for town of Beverly ; joined Capt. William Porter's co.. Col. Francis's regt. ; en- 
listment, 3 years. 

Batcheldor, David. Captain, Worcester (^o. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned Jan. 30, 1778. 

Batcheldor, Ephraim. Capt. Wentworth Stuart's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, 
Oct. 26, 1775. 

Batcheldor, George. Seaman, lirigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded l)j- Capt. 
Jonathan llaraden ; engaged Marcli 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 31, 1777; service, 
5 raos. 22 days. 

Batcheldor, Gideon, Beverly. Capt. John Low's co.. Col. Hutchinson's regt.; re- 
ceipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775 ; also. Corporal ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 12, 1775; service, 2 mos. 25 days. 

Batcheldor, John, Hardwick. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 4 days. 

Batcheldor, John. Private, Capt. Joshua Reed's co. ; pay abstract for service prior 
to April, 1776. 

Batcheldor, Jonathan, Deerfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778; 
age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion; dark ; enlisted for town of Salem. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 769 

Batcheldoe, Joxathax, Beverly. Seaman, brigantine "General Wayne" (pri- 
vateer), coinnianded by Capt. John Leach; descriptive list of officers and crew, 
dated June 17, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; resi- 
dence, Beverly. 

Batcheldor, Nathan, Beverly. Mate, schooner "Valiant," commanded by Capt. 
Joshua EUingwood; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 3, 1780; age, 
29 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Beverly. 

Batcheldor, Samuel. Private, Capt. Asahel Gunn's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 4, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 20 days. Roll dated 
Montague. 

Batcheldor, UzzieLt Corporal, Capt. James Mallon's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 4, 1781; service, 3 mos. 28 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; regiment raised in Essex and Plymouth counties to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Batcheler, Enoch. Private, Capt. Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; Maj. 
Gen. Spencer's brigade; marched April 17, 1777; service, 23 days, at Rhode 
Island. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

B.\tcheler, Israel. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; 
pay abstract for April, 1776. 

Batcheler, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan 
Tyler's (3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 
8, 1776; discharged Jan. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 14 days; stationed at Provi- 
dence, R. I. 

Batcheler, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell'sco. of guards; enlisted Oct. 
25, 1779 ; discharged April 23, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 28 days, at Rutland. 

Batcheler, Theophilus, Georgetown. 2d Lieutenant, Col. Samuel McCobb's (Lin- 
coln Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Georgetown, Nov. 19, 1779 ; appointed Aug. 
21, 1777. 

Batcheler, William, Haverhill. Lieutenant, Capt. Richard Ayer's co.. Col. John- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Batcheller, Abraham. Captain, (4th Sutton) 12th co., 5th Worcester Co. regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 4, 1776 ; also, Col. Jonathan Hol- 
man's regt. ; service, 21 days, in Dec, 1776; marched to Providence, R. I., on an 
alarm. 

Batcheller, David. Private, Capt. David Batcheller's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; 
arrived in camp June 5, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 8 mos. 17 days, 
at North River ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Batcheller, David. Captain, Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d Worcester Co.) regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Providence ; roll dated Northbridge ; also, Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; detached May 
8, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; service, 9 mos. 1 day, at North River; enlist- 
ment, 8 months ; also, receipt for wages for Moses Bardens, dated Brookfield, 
April 7, 1779. 

Batcheller, Elijah. Corporal (also given Private), Capt. David Batcheller's co.. 
Col. Ezra Wood's regt.; arrived in camp June 8, 1778; discharged Jan. 29, 1779; 
service, 8 mos. 10 days, at North River; enlistment, 8 months. 

Batcheller, Enoch. Capt. Samuel Craggin's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; ser- 
vice at Rhode Island in 1778 ; receipt for wages dated Upton. 

Batcheller, Israel. Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Chelsea, Dec. 27, 1775. 



770 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Batcheller, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Sibley's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt.; enlisted July 20, 1777; service on an alarm at Illiode Island; roll dated 
Providence, Dec. 22, 1777. 

Batcheller, Joxathan, Upton. Private, Capt. Robert Taft's co., Col. Silas Wheelock's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177'), to lloxbury ; service, 3 days. 

Batcheller, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Lock's co.. Col. William Bond's (late 
Gardner's) regt.; receipt for wages for Oct., 1775, dated Camp at Prospect Hill; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 
22, 1775. 

Batcheller, Joseph. List of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutch- 
inson of the 27th regt. dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776 ; served in Capt. Putnam's 
CO.; taken prisoner at Fort Washington. [Name crossed out on list.] 

Batcheller, Josiah. Capt. Ebenezer Francis's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (late 
Manslield's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter 
Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Batcheller, Theophilvs. Private, Capt. Joseph Hiller's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt. ; service, 2 nios. 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Provi- 
dence, R. I., May, 1777. 

Batcheller, Theophilvs. Private, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Jacol> Gerrish's 
regt. of guards ; pay roll for service from April 2, 1778, to July 3, 1778, 3 mos. 
2 days. Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Batchellor, Ahraham. Sergeant, Capt. March Chase's co.. Col. Jonathan Ilolman's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; marched from Sutton to reinforce Northern army at 
Saratoga Sept. 26, 1777 ; roll made up to Oct. 26, 1777 ; service, 30 days. 

Batchellor, Amos, Wenham. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Wen- 
liani for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 28, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 5 mos. 29 days. 

Batchellor, Archelaus, Middleton. Ensign, Capt. Prince's co.. Col. Mansfield's 
regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Batchellor, Benjamix, Upton. Private, Capt. Thomas Baker's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Haws's regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Thomas Marshall Baker's co.. 
Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 23, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1779 ; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 11 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; ordered to Claverack, Hudson's River; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Baker's co.. Col. Tylor's regt. ; age, 
45 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; occupation, farmer; residence, 
Upton ; enlisted April 6, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Batchellor, David. Captain, Col. Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Batchellor, David. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell's co. of guards ; enlisted Oct. 
27, 1779; discharged April 24, 1780; service, 5 mos. 27 days, at Rutland. 

Batchellor, Enoch. Private, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
(3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
discharged Jan. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 14 days; stationed at Providence, R. I.; 
also, Capt. Thomas Baker's co.. Col. Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; dis- 
charged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Batchellor, George. Seaman, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
Daniel Souther; engaged Aug. 16, 1776; discharged Dec. 21, 1776; service, 4 mos. 
5 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 77 



Batchelloi{, Israel, Wcnham. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loamnii 

Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) regt. ; company return dated Chelsea, Oct. 2, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. Dodge's co., Col. Baldwin's (2r)th ) regt. ; return of men in service Dec. 9, 
1776, dated Chatham; also, return of men iu service for 6 weeks from Dec. 31, 
1776. 

Batchellor, James, Gloucester. Trivate, Colonel's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Nov. 30, 1780; 
reported transferred to Capt. McFarhiud's invalid corps at Boston in 1780. 

Batchellor, Jeremiah, Upton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreealjle to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
19 yrs. ; statui:e, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, darlv; residence, Upton; arrived at 
Springfield July 27, 1780; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Storer. 

Batchellor, Joxathax, Reading. Private, Capt. John Flint's co., Col. David Green's 
regt., whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days. 

Batchellor, Joseph, Jr., Andover. Private, Capt. Natlianiel Lovejoy's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3^ days. 

Batchellor, Nathaniel, Grafton. Private, Capt. Luke Drury's co.. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 mo. 3 days. 

Batchellor, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Joseph Warrin's co., Lieut. Col. "Wheelock's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 26, 1777, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 

Batchellor, Perlet, Grafton. Corporal, Capt. Aaron Kimball's co., Col. Artemas 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; discharged May 3, 
1775 ; service, 16 days. 

Batchellor, Perren. Private, Capt. Thomas Baker's co.. Col. Benjamin Haws's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 12 da.vs, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Upton. 

Batchelor, Abner, Sutton. Private, Capt. John Putnam's co., Col. Ebenezer Larned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 21 daj-s ; also, Lieut. 
Joseph Sil)ley's co., Col. Jonatlian Holman's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on 
the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; service, 1 mo. 13 days; stationed at Providence, R. I. 

Batchelor, Abraham, Sutton. Corporal, Capt. John Putnam's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Larned's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's regt.; 
marched to Providence, R. I., on an alarm in Dec, 1776; service, 43 days. 

Batchelor, Ajios, AVenham. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Wenham ; arrived at Spring- 
field Jul}' 3, 1780; marched to camp July 3, 1780, under command of Lieut. 
Daniel Frye of the artificers. [See Amos Blancher.] 

Batchelor, Archelaus. Ensign, Capt. John Low's co.. Col. Mansfield's (Essex Co.) 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 7, 1775. 

Batchelor, Asa, Beverly. Private, Capt. Porter's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 13, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated AVest Point; rei)orted on command at the 
Lines ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Batchelor, Benjamin, Upton. Private, Capt. Ezra Wood's co. ; compauy retura 

dated April 19 [probaljly 1775] . 



772 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batchelor, Benjamin, Upton. Private, Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph 
Read's rest.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 12 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Oct. 24, 1775. 

Batchelok, Benjamin. Receipt for bounty dated Upton, Oct. 25, 1779; company de- 
tached to march to Claverack agreeable to resolve of Oct. 9, 1779. 

Batchelok, Benjamin, Pepperellborough. List of men mustered in York Co. as re- 
turned by Nathaniel Wells, Muster Master, June 6, 1780 ; enlistment, 8 months, 
for service in Eastern Massachusetts. 

Batchelok, Coknelius, Shirlej'. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj' from 
Capt. Jewett's (3d) co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated 
Littleton, May 29, 1777; residence, Shirley; enlisted for town of Littleton; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, return dated Feb. 19, 1778 ; reported in service since 1776. 

Batchelok, Daniel, Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded 
by Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 3^ days. 

Batchelok, David, Northbridge. Lieutenant, Capt. Josiah ^Yood's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into 
the army; also. Captain, Col. Joseph Read's (Worcester Co.) regt.; return for 
rations dated Roxbury, June 25, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days. 

Batchelok, Ebenezer, Wenham. Private, Capt. Billy Porter's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 5 days. 

Batchelok, Enoch. Private, Capt. Robert Taft's co. ; list of men who enlisted on 
the alarm at Bennington Aug. 21, 1777. 

Batchelok, Gideon, Beverly (also given Danvers). Private, Capt. Israel Hutcliin- 
son's CO., whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Danvers; service, 
2 daj's; also. Corporal, Capt. Low's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; company return 
dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Batchelok, Jacob, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Knowlton's co., Col. Dyke's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester home, dated Dorchester, 
Nov. 20, 1776. 

Batchelok, James, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Burnam's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; enlistment, 3 years. 

Batchelok, Jekemiah, Upton. Private, Capt. William Henry's co., Worcester Co. 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 6, 1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; ser\'ice, 1 mo. 7 days, at 
Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Batchelok, John, Wenham. Private, Capt. Thomas Kimball's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Batchelok, John, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Stephen Perkins's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2iJ days. 

Batchelok, John, Ilardwick. Private, Capt. Samuel Billings's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Learned's regt. ; company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batchelok, John. Captain, Col. Eljenezer Bridge's regt. ; list of officers to be com- 
missioned dated Watertown, May 27, 1775. 

Batchelok, John P., Tewksbury. Matross, Capt. Callender's co., Col. Gridley's 
(Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 5, 1775; service, 
2 mos. 1 day; also, hlent. Perkins's co.. Col. Gridley's regt.; company return 
[probably Oct., 1775]. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 773 

Batchelor, Jonathan, Upton. Private, Capt. Ezra Wood's co. ; company return 

dated April 19 [probably 1775] . 

Batcuelok, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Tucker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted July 10, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 23 days, includ- 
ing time to return home. 

Batchelor, Joseph, Upton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeal)le to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Upton ; arrived at Springfield 
July 27, 1780 ; marched to camp July 28, 1780, under command of Capt. Storer. 

Batchelor, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Lock's co.. Col. Thomas Gardner's 
regt. ; pay abstract for Oct. [year not given] . 

Batchelor, Josiah. Private; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Pros- 
pect Hill under Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 16, 1775. 

Batchelor, Josiah, Wenham. Private, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Batchelor, Mark. Private, Capt. Abraham Batcheller's co.. Col. Jonathan Holman's 
regt. ; service, 10 days, in Dec, 1776 ; marched to Providence, R. I., on an alarm. 

Batchelor, Prescot, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. John Trull's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 

Batchelor, Prixce, Amesbury. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. Edmund 
Phinney's regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted 
April 2, 1776 ; reported on command at Ticonderoga. 

Batchelor, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy 
Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 
1777 ; service, 3 mos. 10 daj^s ; marched to Ticonderoga. 

Batchelor, Samvel. Sergeant, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.; list 
of men [year not given] . 

Batchelor, Theophilus. Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 11. 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 
23 days. Rolls dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Batchelor, Timothy, Beverly. Private, Lieut. Peter Shaw's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. Mans- 
field's regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Batchelor, Uzziel, Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded 
by Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 3^ days. 

Batchelor, AVilliam. Private, Capt. Isaac Sherman's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) 
regt.; pay abstracts for Dec, 1775, and Feb., 1776; enlisted Nov. 27, 1775; also, 
pay abstracts for April, May and June, 1776, dated New York ; also, list of men 
who lost articles at the evacuation of New York, Sept. 14, 1776. 

Batchelor, William. Capt. Caleb Robinson's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage., etc., in 1776. 

Batchelor, William, Jr., Danvers. Private, Capt. Israel Hutchinson's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Batchelter, Benjamin, Brookfield. Private, Capt. King's co.. Col. Brewer's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batchelter, William, Sutton. Private, Capt. Samuel Sibley's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Braintree ; service, 7 
days. 



774 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batcherder, Ephraim. Private, Capt. TVentworth Stewart's co., Col. Phinney's re^t. ; 
billeting roll from date of enlistment to date of marching to headquarters, July 
12, 1775, equivalent to 57 days. 

Batchlar, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
marched Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 24 days, at tlie 
Northward. 

Batchlar, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Maynard's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 23, 1777, 3 days; marched to Hadley 
by order of Col. Denney on an alarm at Bennington. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Batchlder, Nathan. List of men who signed a receipt for advance pay received of 
Daniel Hopkins, dated Beverly, Sept. 25, 1775 ; service, guarding the sea coast. 

Batchldor, William, Andover. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year 
not given] ; residence, Andover; enlisted for town of Woburn. 

Batchlor, Abner. Corporal, Capt. Bartho. Woodbury's co., Col. Job Cushing's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; service, 2 mos. 27 days; marched 
to reinforce Northern army. 

Batchlor, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joshua Jordan's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchel's regt. 
pay roll for service from July 7, 1779, to Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 20 days, 
on an expedition against Penobscot. Roll dated Cape Elizabeth. 

Batcholder, Asa, Danvers. Boy, ship " Rhodes," commanded by Capt. Nehcmiah 
Buffington; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 14, 1780; age, 16 
jTS. ; stature, o ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Danvers. 

Batcholdor, , Hopkinton. Private, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; 

return of men in service from Dec. 19, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Batcholdor, Jeremiah, Hopkinton. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Baldwin's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 19, 1776, to Marcli 1, 1777. 

Bate, . [This name also appears under the form of Bates.] 

Bate, Akner. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; service, 
4 daj's, from March 10, 1776. 

Bate, Abraham, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted July 20, 1775; service, 6 mos. 14 days; also, Capt. Trufant's co.. Gen. 
Spencer's brigade; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Wey- 
mouth, Dec. 19, 1775; also, Capt. Trufant's co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; service, 1 
mo., at Weymouth. 

Bate, Adxa. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 18, 1776; discharged March 17, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days. 

Bate, Alpheus, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's co., Col. Josiah Wliit- 
ney's regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 1 mo., at Hull; 
also, Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's ,co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment of 
guards; pay roll for service from March 9, 1778, to June 9, 1778, 3 mos., at Dor- 
chester and Boston, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bate, Amasa, Abington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's 
rest., which marched April 20, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
William Reed's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; also, company return dated 
Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Cobl)'s co.. Col. Mitchel's regt.; service from 
March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days ; nuirched to " The Farms " at Braintree. 

Bate, Benjamin, Jr., Abington. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. 
Edward Mitchel's reirt. ; service from March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days ; marched 
to " The Farms " at Braintree. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REYOLUTIOX. 775 

Bate, Christopher. Private, Lieut. Benjamiii Bates's co., Maj. Eliphalet Gary's 
re.ijt. ; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I., on tlie alarm of July 30, 1780 ; 
discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days. 

Bate, Eleazer, Abington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Is'atlian Snow's co., commanded by 2d Lieut. Christopher Dyer, Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt.. Gen. Cushing's brigade ; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 9, 1776, on 
an alarm; service, 16 days; also, Lieut. Benjamin Bates's co., Maj. Eliphalet 
Cary's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched from Abington to Tiverton, 11. L, on the 
alarm of July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days. 

Bate, Elxathax. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; 
marched at the taking of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; ser%ice, 4 days ; also, 
pay roll for 5 days service from March 10, 1776. 

Bate, Increase. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; 
marched at the taking of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 days ; 
also, pay roll for 4 days service from March 10, 1776. 

Bate, Isaiah, Abington. Private, Capt. William Reed's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. 
Nathan Snow's co., commanded by 2d Lieut. Christopher Dyer, Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt.. Gen. Cushing's brigade; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 9, 1776, 
on an alarm; service, 11 days; also, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Mitchel's 
regt. ; service, 5 days, from March 4, 1776 ; marched to " The Farms " at Braintree. 

Bate, Jacob. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co.. Col. Hawes's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 24, 
1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days, on a secret expedition. Roll sworn to at Plymouth. 

Bate, Jacob. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Edward Mitchel's regt.. Gen. 
Cushing's brigade; service, 13 days, between Dec. 9 and Dec. 28, 1776; marched 
from Abington to Bristol, R. I., on an alarm ; also, Capt. Cobb's co.. Col. Eliphalet 
Cary's regt. ; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of July 30, 
1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days. 

Bate, James. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; enlisted 
Dec. 18, 1776; discharged March 17, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, petition 
dated April 10, 1777, signed by said Bate and others of Capt. Cushing's co., asking 
for travel allowance, etc., from Hingham and Cohasset to Danbury, Conn., in 
Dec, 1776. 

Bate, Jesse, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co.; enlisted 
April 8, 1776 ; roll made up to May 22, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Weymouth. 

Bate, Jesse. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; company 
assembled at Hull under Maj. Thomas Lothrop, Feb. 27, 1778; service, 6 days. 
Roll dated Hingham. 

Bate, Jesse. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Sj-mms's detachment of 
guards; enlisted March 9, 1778; discharged June 9, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Boston and Dorchester, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bate, John-. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Jonathan 
Glover's (5th Essex Co.) regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; enlisted for town of Marble- 
head ; joined Col. Hendly's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bate, Johx, Jr. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards ; pay roll for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 1 day. 
Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Bate, Joxathax, Winchendon. Private, Capt. Patch's co., Col. Prescott's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775; reported killed June 17, 1775. 



776 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bate, Jonathan, Weymouth. Pay roll for 6 months men raised bj- the town of Wey- 
mouth for service in the Continental Army durini; 1780; marched July 1, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 9, 1780; service, mos. 20 days; reported joined Col. Crane's 
(Artillery) regt. at Boston. 

Bate, Joseph, Abington. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co., commanded by 2d Lieut. 
Christopher Dyer, Col. Edward Mitchel's regt., Gen. Cushing's brigade; marched 
to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 9, 1776, on an alarm; service, 7 days. 

Bate, Joshua, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; en- 
listed May 9, 1775; service, 8 mos. 

Bate, Joshua, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; roll made up to May 22, 1776; service, 1 mo., at Weymouth. 

Bate, Joshua, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
April 8, 1776 ; roll made up to May 22, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at Weymouth. 

Bate, Lebbeus, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted June 22, 1775; service, 6 mos. 12 days. 

Bate, Lebbeus. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment 
of guards ; enlisted March 9, 1778 ; discharged April 26, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 19 
days, at Boston and Dorchester, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bate, Lemuel, Abington. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Snow's co., commanded by 2d 
Lieut. Christopher Dyer, Col. Edward Mitchel's regt.. Gen. Cushing's brigade; 
marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 9, 1776, on an alarm; service, 9 days. 

Bate, Moses, Abington. Private, Capt. William Reed's co., Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Capt. 
Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Edward Mitchel's regt. ; service from March 4 to March 
9, 1776, 5 days; marched to "The Farms" at Braintree; also, Capt. Nathan 
Snow's CO., commanded by 2d Lieut. Christopher Dyer, Col. Mitchel's regt., Gen. 
Cushing's brigade; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 9, 1776, on an alarm; service, 
16 days. 

Bate, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted March 9, 1778; discharged April 26, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
19 days, at Boston and Dorchester, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bate, Peter, Abington. Private, Capt. Ildward Cobb's co. ; enlisted April 21, 1777; 
service, 2 mos. 5 days; marched from Bridgewater to Bristol, R. I., on an ahirm; 
endorsed " Col. Titcomb's regt." 

Bate, Robert, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted April 8, 1776; roll made up to May 22, 1776; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Weymouth. 

Bate, Robert. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 4 days, from March 10, 1776; also, Capt. Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's 
detachment of guards ; enlisted JNIaixh 9, 1778 ; discharged June 9, 1778 ; service, 
3 mos., at Boston and Dorchester, under Maj. Gen. Heatli. 

Bate, Samuel. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; 
marched at the taking of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 days, also, 
Capt. Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment of guards; enlisted March 9, 
1778 ; discharged April 26, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at Boston and Dorchester, 
under Maj. Gon. Heath. 

Bate, Samuel, Weymouth. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Wey- 
mouth for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 1, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 30, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 11 days; reported joined Col. Crane's 
(Artillery) regt. at Boston. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 



Bate, Samuel, Cummington. Tar roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Cum- 
miiiirton for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 22, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 9, 1780 ; service, 4 mos. 22 days. 

Batf., Seth, Weymouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to resolve 
of June 9 [year not given] ; Gapt. Nash's co., Col. Cushing's regt. ; age, 42 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; hair, dark ; eyes, bine; occupation; butcher; residence, Wej-- 
raouth ; marched to Springfield. 

Bate, Thaddeus, "Weymouth. Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
May 9, 1775; service, 8 mos.; also, Capt. Trufant's co., Gen. Spencer's brigade; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 19, 1775 ; 
also, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; service, 4 days, from 
March 10, 1776. 

Bate, Thaddeus. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted March 9, 1778; discharged June 9, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
at Boston and Dorchester under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Bate, Urbax. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; marched 
at the taking of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 days ; also, pay roll 
for 6 days service from March 10, 1776. 

Bate, William, Jr. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; 
service, 2 days, from March 10, 1776. 

Batel, Ebexezer, Dedham. Drummer, Capt. Aaron Guild's co.. Col. Lemuel Rob- 
son's regt.; enlisted Jan. 30, 1776; roll made up for 13 days wages to time of 
marching; regiment raised in Suffolk and York counties for service at Dorchester 
Heights. 

Batemax, . [This name also appears under the form of Batemon, Baterman, Bat- 
man, Batmon, Batteman, Batterman, Beatman, Betmon.] 

Batejian, Bradstreet, Gray. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Timothy Pike's (4th Cumberland Co.) regt., made np on a settlement authorized 
by resolve of April 29, 1778; Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Patterson's regt.; residence, 
Gray ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Batemax, Charles, Nantucket (also given Barnstable). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Barnstable Co., dated May 10, 1778 ; residence, Nantucket ; 
enlisted for town of Barnstable; joined Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. Bradford's 
regt. ; enlistment to expire Jan., 1780; also, Private, 5th co., Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's (12th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 18, 1777, 
to March 3, 1779; joined April 11, 1777; reported deceased; also, Capt. Russell's 
CO., Col. Bradford's regt. ; payroll for 43 days rations from date of enlistment, 
Feb. 18, 1777, to March 21, 1777; marched from Boston to Bennington; also, 
Capt. John Lamont's co., Col. Bradford's regt. ; muster return [year not given]. 

Batemax, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Enos Parker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 7, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 28 days ; company 
detached from Berkshire Co. regt. to guard stores at Springfield. 

Batemax, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service. 1 mo. 10 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Batemax, Eleazer. Private, Capt. William Douglas's co.. Col. Benjamin Symonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; pay roll for service from Aug. 14 to Aug. 20, 1777, 7 days, 
at Bennington ; also, pay roll for service from Oct. 28 to Oct. 29, 1780, 2 days, at 
the Northward on an alarm ; roll dated Hancock ; also, Capt. Douglass's co., com- 
manded b}- Lieut. Daniel Brown, Col. Asa Barns's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; service 
from Oct. 14 to Oct. 27, 1781, 15 days, at Saratoga on an alarm. 



778 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batemax, Job. Private, Capt. William Douglas's co., Col. Benjamin Symonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 14 to Aug. 20, 1777, 7 days, at 
Bennington. 

Batejian, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Hosmer's co. of liglit infantry, in 1776. 

Batemax, John*. Private, Capt. George Minot's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; 
marched from Concord to reinforce the army March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 
Roll dated "VYatertown. 

Bateman, John. Corporal, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co. of guards ; enlisted Sept. 29, 
1779; discharged Nov. 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, under Maj. Natlianiel 
Heath ; company detached by order of Gen. Hancock to man the forts in and 
about Boston. 

Bateman, Jonas. List of men who were detached with Col. Brooks in 1776; also, list 
of men who were at the capture of Gen. Burgoyne [year not gjven] ; also, list of 
men credited with 8 mos. service [year not given] . 

Bateman, Jonathan. Private, Capt. William Foord's co.. Col. Jolm Brown's regt.; 
enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. G days. 

Bateman, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. William Douglass's co.. Col. Benjamin S3-monds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 1777; service, 
24 days; marched to Pawlet; roll dated Hancock; also, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) 
CO., Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 
1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army; also. Sergeant, Lieut. Daniel Brown's co., Col. Simonds's 
regt. ; service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 17, 1780, 5 days, on an alarm, lloll dated 
Hancock. 

Batejian, LrTHKR. Private, Capt. Oliver Belding's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's regt.; 
enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 19 days, with Northern 
army. 

Bateman, Thomas. Private, Capt. Oliver Belding's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 6, 1777; service, 16 days, at the Northward. 

Bateman, William. Private, Capt. Christopher Marshall's co., Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; paj- roll for 16 days rations l)etween Dec. 3, 1776, and Feb. 1, 1777 ; 
marched from Boston to Benningtoii ; also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. as 
returned by Nathaniel Barl)er, Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1777 ; Capt. 
Marshall's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bateman, William. Adjutant, Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (late Brewer's 12th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1779; 
reported deranged April 1, 1779; also, Lieut. Col. Samuel Carlton's (late Brewer's) 
regt.; list of officers in need of clothing dated West Point, Dec. 27, 1778; also, 
return of officers dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1779. 

Bateman, Zadoc. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co., Col. Powell's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 26, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, 
at New Haven, Conn. 

Bateman, Zadoc, Hancock. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
waj', Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Han- 
cock for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 8, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 9 days ; a/so. Private, Capt. .John Pray's 
CO., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; 
enlisted July 8, 1780 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Batemon, John. Private; list of men drafted from the company commanded by Capt. 
George Minott of Concord to go to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 23, 1777. 



IN thp: war of the revolutiox. 779 

Batemon', Joseph. Corporal, Lieut. Thomas Gould's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
regt. ; enlisted July IG, 1777; discharged July 29, 1777; service, 14 days; marched 
from Hancock to Manchester. 

Baterman, John, Greenwich. List of men mustered in Barnstable Co. bj' Joseph Otis, 
Muster Master, dated Feb. 26, 1777; Capt. John Russell's co., Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's regt. ; mustered Feb. 25, 1777; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bates, . [This name also appears under the form of Bait, Baites, Baits, Baitts, 

Bate, Bats, Battes, Battis, Batts, Beates, Beats, Beets, Betts, Botes.] 

Bates, , Cohasset. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated Jan., 

1781 ; Capt. Alden's co., 2d Mass. regt.; enlisted April 1, 1779, by Capt. Alden; 
enlistment, during war. 

Bates, Aarox. Private, Capt. Salmon White's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; marched 
to Ticonderoga May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days. 
Roll sworn to in Hampshire Co. 

Bates, Aaron. Private, Capt. John Kirkland's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Bates, Aaron, Southampton. Private, Capt. Samuel Fairfield's co.. Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 23, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days, at Dorchester ; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Sheldon's co. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Southampton ; enlisted July 10, 1780 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; reported detached from Col. Israel Chapin's regt. ; also. Private, 
Capt. Eljenezer Sheldon's co.. Col. Seth Murray's regt.; enlisted July 13, 1780; 
discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 5 days; enlistment, 3 months; company 
raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, Capt. Sheldon's (7th) co., 2d Hamp- 
shire Co. regt. ; service from June 15 to June 17, 1782, 3 days, suppressing the 
insurgents at Northampton; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 28 to Sept. 30, 
1784, 2 days; company ordered to Springfield to protect the Supreme Judicial 
Court. 

Bates, Abner, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; service from March 4 
to March 9, 1776, 5 days ; marched to Dorchester ; also, Capt. Peter Cushing's co.. 
Col. Solomon Lovel's regt. ; service from Dec. 14 to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 days, at Hull. 

Bates, Abner, Hingham or Cohasset. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's co.. Col. Solo- 
mon Level's regt. ; service from Dec. 14 to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 days, at Hull. 

Bates, Abner, Weymouth. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co.; en- 
listed Jan. 1, 1776; service, 28 daj's; also Corporal, in same co., from Jan. 28, 
1776, 2 mos. 7 days ; service at Hingham ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Nash's 
CO., Col. David Cushing's regt. ; pay roll for 3 days service in Aug., 1777, at 
Hull. 

Bates, ABRAHAjr. List of men in Capt. Asa White's co., dated Weymouth, March 

20, 1775. 
Bates, Abraham. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 

Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, fortifying posts 

at and about Boston. 

Bates, Abraham. Sergeant, Capt. John Lincoln's co.. Col. Joseph Webb's regt.; 
marched to camp Aug. 16, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 28 
days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bates, Adna, Cohasset. Corporal, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; service 2 mos. 15 days; 
also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's (36th) regt. ; company return dated Oct. 
5, 1775; encamped at Fort No. 2; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775 ; 



780 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Adxa, continued. 

also, Private, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; service from 
June U to June 16, 1770, 2 days, at Hull ; also, petition dated April 10, 1777, signed 
l)y said Bates and others of Capt. Cusliing's co., asking for travel allowance, etc.^ 
from Ilingham and Coliasset to Danburj', Conn., in Dec, 177G, on 3 months 
enlistment. 

Bates, Alex., Scituate. Seaman ; list of prisoners brought the second trip from Rhode 
Island as returned by John Ayres, dated Boston, Jan. 23, 1777; imported taken 
in the "Wolf." 

Bates, Alexander, Scituate. Private, Capt. William Turner's co., which joined Col- 
John Bailey's regt. Dec. 10, 1775; i)ay al)stract for travel allowance [year not 
given] . 

Bates, Alphfas, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
nej^'s regt. ; enlisted July 15, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; service, 4 mos. 
16 days ; also, Capt. Pool's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service at Hull> 
March 1, 1777 ; age, 19 yrs. 

Bates, Alphevs. Private, Capt. Silas Hollis's co:. Col. John Roliinson's regt. ; enlisted 
July 1, 1777; discharged Jan. 1, 1778; service, 6 mos., on an alarm at Khodw 
Island. 

Bates, Alpheus. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards; enlisted May 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 12, 1779; service, 2 
mos. 17 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Bates, Amasa. Private, Capt. Joseph Warner's co., Col. Buggies AVoodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bates, Amasa. Capt. Abram AVashburn's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; enlisted 
April 11, 1778; service, 2 mos. 24 days, at Castle Island. 

Bates, Amasa. Private, Capt. Jacob Pool's co.. Col. Jacobs's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; service, 3 mos. 13 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bates, Ambrose, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; service from March 
4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days; marched to Dorchester; roll dated Ilingham; also, 
Capt. Beals's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; service from June 14 to June 16, 
1776, 2 days, at Hull; also, Capt. Peter Cushing's co.. Col. Level's regt.; service 
from Dec. 14 to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 days, at Hull ; also, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., 
Col. David Cushing's regt. ; service, 3 days, in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, Ambrose. Private, Capt. Thcophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bates, Ambrose. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Baxter's co.. Col. Mclntosli's regt., Gen. 
Level's brigade; enlisted Aug. 5, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
13 days ; marched to Rhode Island. Roll dated Braintree. 

Bates, Asa. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co., Col. John Dagget's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 8 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bates, Asa. Private, Capt. .John Gilibs's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; marched to Falmouth Sept. 13, 1778, on an alarm; service, 5 days;. 
also, Corporal ; pay roll for 3 days service from Sept. 10, 1779 ; marched to Fal- 
mouth on an alarm; also, Capt. Gibbs's co., Lieut. Col. White's (4th Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Wareham. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 781 

Bates, Asa. Private, Capt. Joseph Hoar's co., Col. Gideon Burt's (Hampshire Co.) 
rest. ; service from June 16 to June 20, 1782, 4 days; marched to Springfield and 
Northampton in support of the government. 

Bates, Asaph, Wareham. Private, Capt. Israel Fearing's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; ser^'ice, 4 days. 

Bates, Barnabas. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Wing's co.. Col. Cary's regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 21, 1776; company raised to serve 
until April, 1776. 

Bates, Barnabas. Private, Capt. Stephen Churchill's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; enlisted March 9, 1781; discharged March 31, 1781; service, 23 days, at 
Newport, R. I., by order of the Governor. 

Bates, Barnabas, Jr. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co. ; enlisted July 
17, 1775; discharged Dec. 23, 1775; service, 5 mos. 20 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, 
Capt. John Gibbs's (5th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned May 9, 1776; also, Capt. Gibbs's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from Dec. 8 to Dec. 10, 1776, 2 days; 
marched to Falmouth on an alarm at Elizabeth Islands ; roll dated "Wareham ; 
also, pay roll for 13 days service at Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; 
roll dated Wareham ; also, pay roll for service from Sept. 6 to Sept. 10, 1778, 
5 days ; marched to Dartmouth on an alarm ; also, paj^ roll for 5 days service from 
Sept. 13, 1778; marched to Falmouth on an alarm; also, Capt. Gibbs's co., Lieut. 
Col. White's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 
9, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Wareham. 

Bates, Barnabas, 3d. Private, Capt. John Gibbs's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th 
Plymouth Co.) regt.; service from Sept. 6 to Sept. 10, 1778, 5 days; marched to 
Dartmouth on an alarm ; also, Capt. Gibbs's co., Lieut. Col. White's (4th Plymouth 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 31, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Wareham. 

Bates, Benjamin, Salem. Capt. Addison Richardson's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 14, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 20 days; also. Cor- 
poral; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. 
Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Bates, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt.; 
pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxbury, Feb. 12, 1776. 

Bates, Benjamin. 1st Lieutenant, Lieut. Increase Robison's co., Col. Jos. Cushing's 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia, dated Hanover, Dec. 26, 1776 ; company 
raised for service at Bristol, R. I. 

Bates, Benjamin, Hanover. Private, Capt. Robert Lenthall Eells's (South Hanover) 
CO., under the direction of field officers of 2d Plymouth Co. regt., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 
3 days. 

Bates, Benjamin. Lieut. John Dean's co. ; petition for 2 days wages from Dec. 8 to 
Dec. 10, 1776, dated Mansfield ; inarched to Rhode Island on an alarm. 

Bates, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co., Col. Ezra May's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days; marched to 
Stillwater. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Bates, Benjamin. Petition for 2 days wages dated Bristol Co. [yeor not given] ; war- 
rant allowed in Council, Dec. 2, 1777. 



782 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Benjamin, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Samuel White's (7th) co., Col. John 
Daggefs (Bristol Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Roxbury ; service, 4 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, Sergeant, Capt. 
Moses Knap's co., Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177;"); en- 
listed April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, comjjan}- return dated Rox- 
bury, Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Dec. 29, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Silas Cobb's co.. Col. Jacob 
French's regt. ; list of officers; commissioned Marcli 13 (also given March 26), 
1776; regiment raised in Bristol and Cumberland counties and stationed at 
Winter Hill, Feb. 27, 1776; also, Capt. Cobb's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's regt.; 
enlisted June 27, 1777; service made up to July 27, 1777, 1 mo., on an alarm at 
Rhode Island ; also, pay roll for Dec, 1777; service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bates, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 6, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 27 
days, at Cambridge. 

Bates, Benjamin. 3d Lieutenant, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Tucker; engaged Oct. 28, 1778 [service not given]. 

Bates, Benjamin. Petition dated Boston, Dec. 20, 1779, signed by Ebenezer Wood- 
ward, asking that said Bates be commissioned as commander of brigantine 
" Sailor's Delight" (privateer); ordered in Council, Dec. 20, 1779, that a commis- 
sion be issued. 

Bates, Benjamin. Captain, 7th co., Col. Dean's (4th Bristol Co.) regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned May 4, 1780; also. Col. Abiel Mitchel's regt.; 
enlisted Juh' 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 21 days; com- 
pany raised to reinforce Continental Arm}'. 

Bates, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; pay abstract for service from March 5 to March 20, 1781, 
15 days ; company raised for the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bates, Benjamin. Lieutenant, Capt. William Barker's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted Marcli 4, 1781 ; discharged March 30, 1781 ; service, 30 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Bates, Benjamin. Marine, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. Samuel Nicholson j 
engaged Nov. 22, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 6 mos. 9 days; 
engagement, 5 months. 

Bates, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Ford's co. ; account of ammunilion from Nov. 4 to 
Jan. 6 [year not given]. 

Bates, Benjamin, Jr., Abington. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Nathan Snow's (3d) co., 3d 
Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned March 23, 1776 ; 
also. Lieutenant, acting as Captain, Maj. Eliphalet Gary's regt.; marched from 
Abington to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 
1780; service, 11 days. 

Bates, Benjamin, Jr. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 3 mos.; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, Cajit. 
Joseph Soper's co.. Col. Tlieoi)liilus Cotton's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; pay abstract 
for service from March 5 to March 20, 1781, 15 days; company raised for the 40 
days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bates, Benjamin, 3d. Private, Lieut. Benjamin Bates's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's 
regt.; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of July 30, 1780;. 
discharired Aug. 1, 1780; service, 3 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 783 

Bates, Caleb, Boston. 6th Bombardier, Capt. Thomas W. Foster's co.. Col. Richard 
Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, conipan}' return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bount3- coat or its equivalent in money, due for the 8 months service in 1775; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Oliver Clap's co.. 
Col. Benjamin Haws's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt., dated AValpole, Feb. 17, 1778; 
residence, Boston; enlisted for town of Walpole; joined Capt. Morton's co.. Col. 
Crane's regt. ; enlistment, during war ; reported mustered Ijy Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master. 

Bates, Caleb, Pembroke. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the terra of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Pembroke ; arrived at Si)ringfield July 
9, 1780; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. Daniel Shay; 
also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Pater- 
son as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; 
also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Pembroke for service in the 
Continental Army during 1780; marched July 4, 1780; discharged Dec. 13, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 20 days. 

Bates, Calvix. Private, Capt. Benjamin Bonney's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; ser^^ce, 1 mo. 
12 days, at New London, Conn. IloU dated Chesterfield. 

Bates, Carver, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's co.. Col. Thomas ;Mar- 
shall's regt. ; enlisted June 15, 1776 ; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 
16 days; also, pay roll for 1 mo. service between Oct. 31, 1776, and Jan. 1, 1777, 
at Hull ; also, list of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, Muster 
Master, between April 24, 1777, and May 7, 1777; Capt. Eddy's co., Col. Brad- 
ford's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; enlistment, during war; also, 7th co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradford's (12th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 
1, 1777, to July 1, 1778; reported deserted; also, Capt. Joshua Eddy's co., Col. 
Bradford's regt. ; pay abstract for 61 days rations from March 1, 1777, to the last of 
April, 1777 ; also, musterreturn dated Jan. 28, 1778 ; mustered by Elisha Paddock, 
Muster Master ; reported sick at Albany ; also, muster roll for July, 1778, dated 
White Plains ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, return of men in service on or l^efore Aug. 
15, 1777, dated Feb. 16, 1779; joined April 30, 1777; deserted Jan., 1779; «/so, de- 
scriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Joseph Bates's (also given Capt. Hastings's) 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark ; hair, brown ; occupation, laborer (also given farmer) ; birthplace, 
Abington; residence, Middleborough; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Bates's 
CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster roll for Ma}-, 1781, dated West Point; re- 
ported joined from desertion May 18, 1781; also, list of men court-martialed; 
tried May 17, 1781, by general court-martial, Maj. Ashley, President, on charge 
of desertion; sentence, 100 lashes; also, muster rolls for June and July, 1781; 
also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill; also, muster roll for 
Sept., 1781 ; also, list of men court-martialed ; tried Oct. 5, 1781, by regimental 
court-martial, Capt. Lincoln, President, on charge of neglect of duty and disobedi- 
ence of orders; sentence, 39 lashes; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, 
dated York Huts ; reported on command at the block-house in Oct. and Nov., 
1781; also, Capt. Hastings's CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; list of men deserted ; 
deserted June 12 [year not given] from New Windsor. 

Bates, Christopher. Private, Capt. John Ames's co.. Col. Wade's regt.; enlisted 
June 26, 1778 ; service, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Clement, Hanover. Private, Capt. Robert Lenthall Eells's (South Hanover) 
CO., under the direction of field officers of 2d Ph-mouth Co. regt., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service,. 
3 days. 



784 .MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.VILORS 

Bates, Clement, Scituate. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776 ; also, pay 
roll for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, 3 nios. 

Bates, Clement, Hanover. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. Joliii IJailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177'); service, 14 days. 

Bates, Clement, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co., under the direction of 
field officers of 1st Plymouth Co. regt.; enlisted July 24, 1775; service, 5 mos. 21 
days ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Plymouth Co. 
regt.; Capt. Soper's co.. Col. Gates's regt.; residence, Hanover; mustered by 
James Hatch, Muster Master; enlistment, 9 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, 
Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; enlisted June 29, 1778; roll 
made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Comfort, Pembroke. Private, CajU. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 
19,1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. John Cushing's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 21, 1776; service, 2 mos., on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Comfort. Corporal, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 
1 mo. 15 days, at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Bates, Comfort. Private, Capt. Abiel Clap's co.,Col. Carpenter's (Bristol Co.) regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island July 24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Bates, Comfort. Private, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 25 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 
months; roll sworn to at Taunton ; also, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co.. Col. Isaac 
Dean's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 31, 1780 ; discharged 
Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 10 days. 

Bates, Comfort, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Stephen Richardson's co. ; service from 
April 21, 1777, to May 15, 1777, 25 days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Richard- 
son's CO., Col. George Williams's regt. ; marched from Attleborough on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 29, 1777; service, 1 
mo. 6 days; also, Capt. Samuel Robinson's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
enlisted Jul}' 29, 1778; service, 1 mo. 14 days, on an alai'm at Rhode Island; 
enlistment, 6 weeks. 

Bates, Conrad. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hicks's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan. -April, 1781, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Bates, Cornelius. Private, Capt. Joseph Baxter's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt., Gen. 
Level's brigade; enlisted Aug. 5, 1778; discharged SejU. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
13 days ; marched to Rhode Island. Roll dated Braintree. 

Bates, Daniel, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. John Strong's co., Col. John Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; list of men who went to Fort Ann June 30, 1777, and were dis- 
missed July 26, 1777; service, 3 weeks 5 days; also, list of men who marched to 
headquarters, agreeable to order of general court, June 1, 1778, and were dismissed 
Feb. 1, 1779; enlistment, 8 months; also, list of men who were raised July 16, 
1779, to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 9 months. 

Bates, Daniel. Sergeant, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. .Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; detached July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 10, 1778; service, 1 mo. 11 days, 
with Maj. Goodwin's detachment at Boston. 

Bates, Daniel. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
May 20, 1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 23 days, at Peekskill; 
enlistment, 8 months. 



IN Tllf: WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 785 

Bates, David, Rochester. Corporal, Capt. Edward Hammond's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's re^t. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Iloxbury, 
Nov. 11, 1775; also, Capt. Samuel Bri,?f;s's (3d Rochester) co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; 
marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 14 days. 

Bates, David. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co.. Col. Simon Cary's regt. ; pay roll 
for 4 days service dated Roxltuiy, April 1, 1776. 

Bates, David, Middleborough. Private, Lieut. Consider Benson's (5th Middleborough) 
CO.; marched to Howland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
8 days. 

Bates, David. Priv-atc, Capt. Perez Churchill's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; service, 9 days. 

Bates, David. Corporal, Capt. Aaron Coe's co., Col. John Mosley's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt., commanded l)y Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; 
returned Nov. 17, 1776 ; service, 28 days ; company raised to reinforce Northern 
army ; roll dated Granville ; also, Capt. William Cooley's co., Col. Mosley's regt. ; 
enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 3, 1777; service, 30 days ; marched to rein- 
force Northern army; also. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co., Col. David 
Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; service between June 12 and June 17, 1782, 
4 days, quelling the mob at Northampton. 

Bates, Dovty, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance, etc., to and from camp dated Nov., 1776; service 
at Dorchester Heights; also, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. John Jacobs's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
12 days; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bates, Edward. Private, Capt. John Wells's co., Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 100 
days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 2a, 1777. 

Bates, Edward, Township No. 5. Private, Capt. Luke Day's co.. Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's 6th) regt. ; Continental Army paj' accounts for service from March 26, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported mustered b.v Ruggles Woodl)ridge, Muster Mas- 
ter; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Day's co., (late) Col. Ichal)od Alden's 
regt. ; return of men in camp before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Cherry Valley, Feb. 24, 
1779 ; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Cherry Valley ; reported 
sick in general hospital ; also reported invalided in 1780. 

Bates, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt.; 
pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxbury Feb. 12, 1776. 

Bates, Elijah, Rochester. Private, Capt. Seth Briggs's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Bates, Elijah. Private, Lieut. John Dean's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt.; marched 
to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; company made 
up from 3d and 7th cos. in 4th Bristol Co. regt. 

Bates, Elijah. Private, Capt. Barnabas Doty's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service from Sept. 13 to Sept. 17, 1778, 5 days, on an alarm at Falmouth, Barn- 
stable Co. 

Bates, Elisha, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Job Cnshing's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; service, 2 mos. 15 days; 
also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, 
Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 



786 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Elisha. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of jruards ; enlisted May 27, 1779 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 
17 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

Bates, Elisha, Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; service, 28 days, at Hingham; also, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. 
Josiah "Whitney's regt. ; enlisted June 3, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1776; 
service, 6 mos. 28 days, at Hull; also, Capt. Newcomb's (Independent) co.; 
return of men in service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 55 yrs. ; also, list of men 
mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, April 
27, 1777 ; Capt. Alden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Benjamin Lapham's and Ca])t. Peter Cushing's 
COS., dated Hingham, Feb. 17, 1778; residence, Hingham; joined Capt. Alden's 
CO., Col. Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, Capt. Judah 
Alden's (7th) co., Col. John Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from April 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return dated Camp at "Valley 
Forge, Jan. 24, 1778; also, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's invalid corps; pay roll for 
June-Sept., 1778, dated Boston ; also, list of men who signed an order for cloth- 
ing, dated Boston, Jan., 1779; also, order for gratuity payable to Lieut. Osgood 
Carleton, dated Boston, Fel). 6, 1779; also, Lieut. Carleton's co. of invalids sta- 
tioned at Boston, Col. Lewis Nichola's regt. ; muster rolls for Aug., Sept. and 
Oct., 1779; also, Capt. McFarland's co. of invalids; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for ser\ice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Sept. 20, 1780; reported deceased. 

Bates, Elisha, Jr., Cohasset. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; enlisted May 29, 1776 ; rolls made up to Nov. 30, 1776 ; service, 6 mos. 
3 days, at Hull; also, Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men in ser- 
vice at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 16 (also given 18) yrs.; also, list of men mus- 
tered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barl)er, Muster Master, dated Boston, April 27, 
1777 ; Capt. Alden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. Ohadiah Beals's co., dated Feb. 16, 1778; joined 
Col. Bailey's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, 7th co., Col. John Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army paj' accounts for service from April 7, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Judah Alden's (7th) co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men in camp at 
Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778; also, Sergeant; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated Jan. 27, 1781; Capt. Alden's co., 2d Mass. regt.; age, 21 yrs.; stature, 5 
ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, dark; residence, Cohasset; enlisted April 1, 
1779 ; enlistment, during war. 

Bates, Elnathan. List of men in Capt. Asa Wliite's co., dated "Weymouth, March 
20, 1775. 

Bates, Elnathan. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Abijah Wliitman's (1st) co., Col. David 
Cushing's (2d Suffolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
March 10, 1779. 

Bates, Ephralm, Philadelphia. List of prisoners discharged from prison ships at 
Rhode Island and sent to Boston in the schooner " Speedwell" by Josiah Godfrey 
Aug. 6, 1777. 

Bates, Ford, Pembroke. Private, Capt. William Weston's co. ; enlisted Jnne 24, 1776; 
discharged Nov. 19, 1776; stationed at the Gurnet for defence of Plymouth har- 
bor; also, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt. ; pay abstract for 2 mos. 
6 days service at Rhode Island, agreeable to resolve of April 11, 1777 ; also, Capt. 
Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; enlisted June 24, 1778; service, 
6 mos. 10 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Plymouth Co. regt.; Capt. Bonney's co.. Col. Gates's 
regt.; mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master; enlistment, 9 months, to expire 
Jan. 1, 1779. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 787 

Bates, Fraxcis, Swanzey. Descriptive list of "enlisted men mustered by James 
Leonard, Muster Master, subsequent to Sept. 16 [year not iriven] ; Capt. Jonathan 
Drown's CO., Col. Lee's regt.; age, 18yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; residence, Swanzey. 

Bates, Gamaliel. Private, Capt. Lemuel Curtis's co.. Col. Anthony Thomas's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from March 5 to March 9, 1776, 4 days ; marched 
to Cohasset on an alarm. Roll dated Hanover. 

B.4.TES, Guy. Private, Capt. Joseph Fuller's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days, at Stillwater. 

BATEf*, Guy, Scituate. Private, Capt. Elijah Crooker's co.. Brig. Gen. John Thomas's 
regt.; muster jroll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May .3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
5 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Bates, Gut, Scituate. List of men mustered from Plymouth Co. regt. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master, dated April 28, 1778 ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Bates, Guy, Scituate. List of men mustered from Plymouth Co. regt. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master; enlistment, 9 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, Private, Capt. 
Calvin Curtis's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted July 13, 1778 ; roll made up 
to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 22 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Guy, Scituate. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 2d Plym- 
outh Co. regt. [year not given] ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported served as a me- 
chanic, not as a soldier. 

Bates, Hosea. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Peter Combes's 6th (Brunswick) co., 2d Cumber- 
land Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia-, commissioned June 5, 1776. 

Bates, Ixcrease. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 12, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at 
Cambridge, guarding troops of convention. 

Bates, Isaac, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Elijah Crooker's co.. Brig. Gen. Thomas's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 5 
days; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Henry Prentiss's co., 
Col. Thomas Marshall's regt.; enlisted June 23, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 
1776 ; service, 4 mos. 8 days. 

Bates, Isaac. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, at Rhode Island, on the 
alarm of July 27, 1780. 

Bates, Isaac, Mendon. Private, Capt. Reuben Davis's co., Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; 
enlisted July 17, 1781; arrived at "West Point Aug. 1, 1781; discharged Nov. 1, 
1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bates, Israel, Attleborough. Order dated July 5, 1776, given by Capt. Jacob Ide and 
company on Ephraim Newell, Town Treasurer of Attleborougli, for wages for 
service on the alarm caused by battle of Bunker Hill ; also. Private, Capt. Stephen 
Richardson's co., Col. George Williams's regt.; marched from Attleborough on 
a secret expedition Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 6 days ; 
also, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. John Daggett's regt. ; marched to Rhode 
Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1777; service, 25 days; also, Capt. Moses Will- 
niarth's CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; payroll for service from Aug. 17, 
1778, to Sept. 9, 1778, 24 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Foster's 
CO., Col. Carpenter's regt., pay roll for service from July 27 to July 31, 1780, 5 
days ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a 6 days campaign. 



788 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Issachar, Athol. Capt. Ichabod Dexter's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 20, 1775; also, Fifer; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, com- 
pany return [prohaI)ly Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. .Stockwell's co., Col. Job Cushing's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days; 
marched to Bennington to reinforce Gen. Stark ; also, Capt. John Oliver's co., 
Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 28, 1777, to Oct. 18, 
1777, 28 days; marched to reinforce Nortliern army at the reduction of Gen. 
Burgoyne. 

Bates, Jauez, Hanover. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 20 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Hanover; arrived at Spring- 
field July 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, under command of Capt. 
George Webb; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Hanover for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 5, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 10, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 17 days. 

Bates, Jauez. Seaman, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. Samuel Nicholson; 
engaged Nov. 29, 1781 ; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 6 mos. 1 day. 

Bates, Jacob, Abington. Private, Capt. Eleazer Hamblen's co., Gen. John Thomas's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
week, 1 day; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bates, Jacob. Order dated July 5, 1776, given by Capt. Jacob Ide and company on 
Ephraim Newell, Town Treasurer of Attleboi-ough, for wages for service on the 
alarm caused by tlie l)atlle of Bunker Hill. 

Bates, Jacob. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; 
service from July 27, 1778, to Aug. 12, 1778, 17 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Jacob, Granville. Corporal, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which marched April 20, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; reported enlisted 
into the army Ajjril 29, 1775; also, 4tli Sergeant, Capt. Ball's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 10 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Canip at Roxbury, Dec. 
22, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Aaron Coe's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
3 days ; marched on an alarm to reinforce Northern armj' by order of Gen. Gates ; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co., ('ol. David Moseley's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; 
service from June 12 to June 17, 1782, (5 days, quelling the mob at Northampton. 

Bates, Jacob, Boston. Drummer, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Marshall's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 29, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; rolls made up for service from Jan. 1, 1781, 
to Jan. 1, 1783; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Turner's co., 10th Mass. 
regt. ; list of men [year not given] . 

Bates, James. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co. ; enlisted July 15, 1775; service, 
5 mos. 19 days. 

Bates, James, Cohasset. Corporal, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; service, 2 mos. 15 
days; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's regt.; company return dated Fort 
No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 789 

Bates, JaxMes. Private, Capt. Pyam Cushing's co., Col. Lovell's regt. ; service, 4 days, 
in June, 1776, on two alarms at Hull. 

Bates, James. Petition dated Concord, Sept. 30, 1777, signed by said Bates and others, 
asking for addition to wages for service in guarding Continental stores at Little 
Cambridge, Concord, Sudbury, etc. ; service in Capt. Isaac Woods's co. ; warrant 
allowed Jan. 21, 1778. 

Bates, James. Private, Capt. John Boynton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted Jul\- 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 4 days, under 
Col. Job Cushing on an expedition to Bennington. 

Bates, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt., Gen. 
Palmer's brigade; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; service, 32 days, on a secret expedition 
to Tiverton, R. I. 

Bates, James. Captain, Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Nov. 1, 1780 ; reported as serving 2 mos. as Lieutenant, 
8 mos. as Captain. 

Bates, James. Private, Capt. Samuel Robinson's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt. ; marched 
to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm, July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 
8 days ; roll sworn to at Attleborough ; also, pay roll for service from March 6 
to March 14, 1781, 11 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at 
Attleborough. 

Bates, James, Hingham. Private, Capt. Loring's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, 
Capt. Charles Cushing's (late Loring's) co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; company return 
dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 6, 1775 ; 
also, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; service, 21 
days, at Hingham ; also, Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
pay roll for Nov., 1776, dated Camp at Hull; also, descriptive list of men raised 
to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of 
June 5, 1780; age, 38 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. 1 in.; complexion, light; residence, 
Hingham ; arrived at Springfield July 24, 1780 ; marched to camp July 24, 1780, 
under command of Capt. Soper ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the 
town of Hingham for service in the Continental Arm}- during 1780; marched July 
12, 1780; discharged Dec. 28, 1780; service, 6 mos.; also, return of men raised 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted March 24, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bates, James. Private, Capt. Ignatius Loring's co., Lieut. Col. Putnam's (Plymouth 
Go.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 4, 1781; discharged Dec. 3, 1781; service, 3 mos. 12 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce array under Gen. 
"Washington. 

Bates, James. Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for June, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh; enlisted Jan. 16, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 j-ears; reported on command at West Point; also, muster rolls for July, 
Aug. and Sept., 1781 ; reported on command at West Point in July and Aug., 
1781 ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts ; reported sick 
at New Windsor; also, return of the sick in hospital at New Windsor, dated Dec. 
24, 1781; also, muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Hutts. 

Bates, Jesse. List of men in Capt. Asa White's co., dated Weymouth, March 20, 
1775. 

Bates, Jesse. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Hersey's co., Col. Lovell's regt.; marched to 
Dorchester March 4, 1776; service, 4 days. Roll sworn to at Hingham. 

Bates, Jesse, Weymouth. Matross, Capt. Winthrop Gray's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay abstract for advance pay, etc., sworn to June 8, 1776. 



790 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bates, Jesse (also given Jessel), Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's co.. Col. 
Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
3 days; also, Lient. Heman Lincoln's co., Col. Solomon Lovel's regt. ; service 
from Jnne "23 to June 25, 1776, 2 days, at Hull; also, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., 
Col. David Cushing's regt. ; pay roll for 3 days service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, Joh.v, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Lemuel Kollock's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days; also, Capt. 
Oliver Pond's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; en- 
listed May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 
1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 14, 1775. 

Bates, John, Chelmsford. Private, Col. Moses Parker's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Benjamin Walker, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's (27th) regt.; age,28 3'rs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, dark; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Chelmsford; enlisted April 26, 1775; also, Capt. Ford's co.. 
Col. Bridge's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camijrldge, June 6, 1775 ; also. 
Corporal; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
13 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775. 

Bates, John. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co., Col. Simeon Gary's regt. ; enlisted 
Feb. 2, 1776 ; roll made up for 6 days wages to time of marching. 

Bates, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Parker's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 20, 1776; service, 2 mos., on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, John, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Samuel AVhite's (7th) co.. Col. John Dagget's 
(Bristol Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; 
service, 11 days; also, Lieut. John Dean's co. ; petition dated Mansfield; service 
from Dec. 8 to Dec. 17, 1776, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, John, Attleborough. Order dated July 5, 1776, given by Capt. Jacob Ide and 
company on Eiihraim Newell, Town Treasurer of Attleborough, for wages, etc., 
for service on the alarm caused by the battle of Bunker Hill ; also, Private, Capt. 
Ide's CO., Col. Daggett's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 
1776 ; service, 12 days. 

Bates, John. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. Titcoml/s regt.; pay abstract 
for 2 mos. 6 days service at Rhode Island, agreeable to resolve of Ai)ril 11, 1777; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I. 

Bates, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Goodwin's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; 
company detached for a secret expedition to New])ort, R. I., Sept. 25, 1777; dis- 
charged Oct. 31, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days. 

Bates, John. Corporal, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Sept. 28, 1777, to Oct. 31, 1777, 35 days; marched on a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bates, John. Private, Capt. Israel Trow's co., Col. John Daggett's regt.; drafted 
Jan. 20, 1778; discharged March 24, 1778; service, 2 mos. 5 days, under Maj. 
Gen. Spencer, on an alarm at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel Hammond's co.. Col. Dagget's regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 
25, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778, 8 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, John. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Jenkins's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service 
from Sept. 6 to Sept. 14, 1778, 8 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Bates, John, Marshfield. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Hamblen's co.. Gen. John Thomas's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 1 mo. 3 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported discharged June 1, 
1775; also, Capt. Elijah Crooker's co.. Brig. Gen. Thomas's regt.; muster roll 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 791 

Bates, Johx, continued. 

dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 26, 1775; service, 1 mo. 1 week; reported en- 
listed as a substitute for Asa Lapliam; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, 
Nov. 9, 1775; also, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
July 9, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 29 days, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Johx, Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Plym- 
outh Co. rej,'t., dated April 28. 1778; residence, Plymouth; enlisted for town of 
Plympton ; joined Capt. Dunham's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 8 months ; 
mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master; a^so, descriptive list of men enlisted 
from PlymoutlrCo. in 1779 to serve in the Continental Army; age, 42 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Plymouth; delivered to Ensign 
E. White. 

Bates, John, Plymouth. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master; Col. Jacobs's regt. ; mustered July 16, 1779; enlisted by Capt. 
Cammels; enlistment, during war; also, Private, 3d co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from June 1, 1779, to Sept. 24, 1779; 
reported died Sept. 24, 1779 ; also, Capt. Jacob Allen's (later Capt. Adams Bailey's) 
CO., Col. Bailey's (2d) regt.; muster roll for 3 years from Jan. 1, 1777; enlisted 
July 10, 1779. 

Bates, Johx, Marshfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Plym- 
outh Co. regt. ; enlistment, 9 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779; mustered by James 
Hatch, Muster Master. 

Bates, Johx, Wareham. Private, Capt. Noah Fearing's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. John Gibbs's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched to Falmouth on 
an alarm at Elizabeth. Islands Dec. 8, 1776; service, 2 days; also, pay roll for 3 
days service from Sept. 10, 1779 ; marched on an alarm to Falmouth. 

Bates, Johx. Private, Capt. Lawrence Kemp's co., Col. David Wells's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted May 10, 1777; discharged July 17, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 
days, at the Northward ; roll dated Shelburne ; also, receipt for bounty paid him 
by Class No. 2 of the town of Shelburne, to serve in the Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Shelburne, May 6, 1782. 

Bates, Joxathax. Capt. Samuel Patch's co.. Col. William Prescott's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winchendon, Jan. 25, 1776. 

Bates, Joxathax. Private ; list of men returned as serving on main guard at Cam- 
bridge under Maj. Baldwin, May 15, 1775. 

Bates, Joxathax, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Jacob Gould's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 13 weeks; 
also, Capt. Gould's co., Col. Heath's (36th) regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; stationed at Fort No. 2, Cambridge ; also, Capt. Goold's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, 
Dec. 12, 1775. 

Bates, Joxathax. Private, Capt. John Wells's co., Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 100 
days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Phillips's CO., Col. Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777; 
discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days, in Northern department. 

Bates, Joxathax, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 22, 1775; service 2 mos. 15 
days ; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort 
No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; order for 



792 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bates, Jonathan, continued. 

bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridire, Dec. 18, 1775; 
also, Capt. Peter Cushing's co., Col. Solomon Level's reirt. ; service from Dec. 14 
to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 days, at Hull; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce 
Continental Army for the term of 6 months, ajrreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; 
a^te, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Cohasset; arrived 
at Springfield July 19, 1780 ; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Clark; fl7.so, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned Ijy 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 2."), 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Cohasset for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 13, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 8, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 7 days. 

Bates, Jonathan, Cohasset. Corporal, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; service from March 
4 to ^larcli 9, 1776, 5 days; marched to Dorchester; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Beals's co., dated Cohasset, Feb. 16, 1778; 
joined Capt. Nichols's co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; residence, Cohasset; enlistment, 
3 years; also, Private, Capt. Noah Nichols's co., Col. Jeduthan Baldwin's regt. of 
Artillery artificers, Gen. Knox's brigade ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Feb. 2, 1777, to Feb. 2, 1780 ; reported discharged. 

Bates, Joseph, Mendon. Private. Capt. John Altiee's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 3 days. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Lieut. Obadiah Beals's detachment of guards ; enlisted Dec. 
12, 1775; roll made up to April 3, 1776; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at Hull Beach. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 7 da}'S wages before marching to Iloxbury Feb. 12, 1776. 

Bates, Joseph. List of men returned as having served as guards to prevent the rescue 
of prisoners, dated Cambridge, May 11, 1776. 

Bates, Joseph. J^nsign, Capt. Samuel Thacher's co. ; service, 26 days, guarding stores 
at Cortlandt Manor, N. Y., in 1776. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Capt. Samuel Craggin's co., Lieut. Col. Natlian Tyler's regt. ; 
pay roll for 1 mo. 6 days service between Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 21, 1777, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt.- ser- 
vice, 3 days, in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Capt. Amos Washburn's co., Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 
22, 1778 ; discharged July 17, 1778 ; service, 25 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 
Roll sworn to at Middleborough. 

Bates, Joseph, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Tapper's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
5 days; also, pay roll for service from May 6 to May 9, 1778, and from Sept. 6 to 
Sept. 12, 1778, 9 days; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on two 
alarms. 

Bates, Josepii. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Fuller's co.. Col. Samuel BuUard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 16 days, at 
Stillwater. 

Bates, Josepii, Cambridge (probal)ly). Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Thatcher's co., Col. 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; 
also, Capt. Natlianicl Hammond's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775 ; discharged Dec. 
23, 1775; service, 5 mos. 20 days; also, Capt. Jolm Walton's co. ; pay roll for 
service from Dec. 9 to Dec. 21, 1776, 12 days, at Noddle's Island; also, Capt. 
Walton's CO., Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt. ; service from Sept. 2 to Sept. 4, 1778, 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 793 

Bates, Joseph, contintied. 

3 days, with jiuards at Fort No. 2, Cambridge ; also, list of men in Capt. Walton's 
CO. at Cambridge who were ordered by Col. Thatcher to march to IJoston to serve 
under Gen. Heath until Nov. 9, 1778, dated Cambridge, Oct. 30, 1778. 

Bates, Joseph, Hanover. Private,. Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 4, 1779; roll made up 
to May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos., at Boston. 

Bates, Joseph. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. G, 1780 ; service, 8 days, at Rhode Island, 
on the alarm of July 27, 1780. 

Bates, Joseph, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Ilufus Lincoln's co.. Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, sworn to at West Point; enlisted 
April 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781 ; also, 
muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated West Point; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated Feb. 20, 1782; age, 16 (also given 17) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 74 (also given 9) 
in.; complexion, light; hair, light (also given brown) ; occupation, blacksmith; 
enlisted April 20, 1781; residence, Barnstable; joined Capt. Lincoln's co., Lieut. 
Col. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bates, Joseph. Captain, Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 14th (also given 12th) regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported 
as serving 33 mos. as Lieutenant and 3 mos. as Captain ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Joshua Eddy's (6th) co., Col. Bradford's regt.; muster roll for July, 1778, dated 
White Plains ; enlisted Nov. 6, 1776 ; also, Lieut. Col. Barachiah Bassett's (2d) co.. 
Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; return of officers in service April, 1779, dated 
West Point; also. Captain, Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; list of officers; 
commissioned Oct. 8, 1779 ; reported retired on the arrangement of Nov. 18 [year 
not given] ; also. Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 9th co. ; return of officers in service 
July, 1780, dated Steenrapie; reported on command with liglit infantry; also, 
muster roll of field and staff officers for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated Huts near West 
Point; also, .5th co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; list of men furloughed; leave 
given by Col. Brooks to go from West Point to Wareham Dec. 14, 1780, and to 
remain until April 1, 1781; also, weekly returns of officers, muster rolls, etc., 
dated German Hutts and West Point from Jan. 5, 1781, to May 11, 1781 ; reported 
on furlough; also, 3d co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, 
dated West Point ; reported on command at the Lines ; also, muster roll for June, 
1781 ; reported on command with Col. Scammell ; also reported on command at 
the Lines; also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Sept., and to Oct. 23, 1781 ; reported 
on command with Col. Scammell and Col. Putnam ; also, returns of officers, muster 
rolls, etc., from Oct. 25, 1781, to Dec. 7, 1781 ; reported on command in Virginia; 
also, 2d CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; return of officers dated Hutts, Dec. 14, 
1781 ; also, returns, etc., from Dec. 28, 1781, to Jan. 4, 1782; reported attending 
court-martial in garrison; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated York Huts; 
also, muster rolls, returns, etc., from Feb. 22, 1782, to March 1, 1782; reported 
attending court of inquiry at West Point ; also, return of officers dated March 8, 
1782; also, returns, etc., from March 8, 1782, to July 26, 1782; reported attending 
court of inquiry in garrison at West Point; also, return of officers dated West 
Point, Oct. 3, 1782; reported on fatigue duty at West Point. 

Bates, Joseph, AVells. List of men from York Co. enlisted into Continental Army 
[year not given] . 

Bates, Joseph Neal, Hanover. Return of men enlisted into Continental Array from 
Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. Gates's (Plymouth Co ) regt. ; enlistment, 9 months, 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779; mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master. 



794 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Joshua. Capt. Joseph Trufant's CO., Gen. Spencer's brigade; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 19, 1775. 

Bates, Joshta, Hanover. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177o; service, 14 days; also, Capt. 
Turner's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 3, 1775; service, 3 nios. 6 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, order for bountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxl)ury, 
Dec. 22, 1775; also, list of men mustered from 2d Plymouth Co. regt. by James 
Hatch, Muster Master, dated March 22, 1777 ; Capt. Seth Drew's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt.; age, 33 yrs. ; residence, Hanover; enlistment, 3 years; also, 5th co.. Col. 
John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 15, 
1777, to July 2, 1778; reported died July 2, 1778; also, Capt. Drew's co.. Col. 
Bailey's regt. ; return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Bates, Joshua, Weymouth. Matross, Capt. Winthrop Gray's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artil 
lery) regt.; pay abstract for advance pay, etc., sworn to June 8, 1776; also, Ser- 
geant, Capt. Amos Lincoln's (2d) co.. Col. Paul Ilevere's (late Crafts's) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 8, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Lincoln's (10th) co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; list of men entitled to a bounty 
dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778; also, list of men entitled to 3 months stores dated 
Castle Island, Sept. 17, 1779; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 
8, 1780, 4 mos. 8 days, dated Boston. 

Bates, Josiah, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 23, 1775; service, 2 mos. 14 days; 
also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, 
Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; order for bountj' coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service at Hull, March 1, 1777; 
age, 21 yrs. 

Bates, Josiah. Sergeant, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bates, Josiah. AVarrant to pay officers and crew of the schooner '• Allen " [year not 
given] ; service at Penobscot. 

Bates, Laban, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, Capt. Amos Ellis's co., Maj. 
Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt.; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm 
of Julj' 27, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 14 days. 

Bates, Leavitt, Mansfield. Private, Capt. Samuel White's (7th) co., Col. John Dag- 
get's (4th Bristol Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Rox- 
bury; service, 5 days; a/.so, Lieut. John Dean's co.. Col. Daggett's regt. ; marched 
to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 25 days; company made 
up from 3d and 7th companies ; also, Lieut. Ephraim Grover's co.. Col. Isaac 
Dean's (4th Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted Auir. 5, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 4 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780. Roll sworn to at 
Attleborough. 

Bates, Lebbeus, Weymouth. Capt. Josepli Trufant's co., Gen. Spencer's brigade; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 19, 1775; 
also. Private, Capt. Trufant's (Independent) co. ; enlisted Jan. 1. 1776; service, 
4 mos., at Weymouth. 

Bates, Lebbeus. Private, Capt. Moses French's co., Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt.; 
pay roll from May 15, 1777, to July 15, 1777, 2 mos. 5 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 795 

Bates, Lebbecs. Private, Capt. Theopbilus Wilder's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bates, Lebbeus. Corporal, Capt. Amos Lincoln's (2d) co.. Col. Paul Revere's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1778, to Dec. 
31, 1779; also, list of men entitled to 3 months stores, dated Castle Island, Sept. 
17, 1779; also, pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 8, 1780, 4 mos. 8 
days, dated Boston. 

Bates, Lemuel, Northampton. Private, Capt. Jonathan Allen's co.. Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177"> ; enlisted May 1, 177") ; service, 3 mos. 
1 week, 1 day ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 177'i ; reported went 
to Quebec Sept. 9, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Dorchester, Nov. 11, 1776; also, Capt. Elijah Clap's co.. Col. John Dickin- 
son's regt. ; service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 22, 1777, 5 days ; marched to New Provi- 
dence on an alarm at Bennington; roll dated Soutliampton ; also, Capt. Lemuel 
Pomeroy's co.. Col. John Dickerson's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged 
Oct. 14, 1777; service, 30 days; marched to Saratoga under Col. Ezra May. 

Bates, Lemuel, Hanover. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, Capt. 
Turner's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted 
May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Roxbury, 
Dec. 22, 1775; also, Capt. Lemuel Curtis's co.. Col. Anthony Thomas's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt.; service from March 5 to March 9, 1776, 4 days; marched to 
Cohasset on an alarm ; also, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; drafted Sept. 25, 1777; discharged Oct. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 6 days; 
company drafted from Scituate and Hanover to march on a secret expedition to 
Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. Joseph Cliffs co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; marched July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 19 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Lemuel. Sergeant, Capt. Ebenezer Sheldon's (7th) co., 2d Hampshire Co. 
regt. ; service from June 15 to June 17, 1782, 3 days, suppressing the insurgents 
at Nortliampton ; also, pay roll for 2 days service from Sept. 28 to Sept. 30, 1784; 
marched to Springfield to protect the Supreme Judicial Court. 

Bates, Levi, Cohasset. Lieutenant, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; service from March 4 
to March 9, 1776, 5 days; marched to Dorchester; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Beals's (Cohasset) 4th co.. Col. Lovell's (2d Suffolk Co.) regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned April 4, 1776; also, Capt. Beals's co.. Col. Solomon 
Lovell's regt.; service from June 14 to June 16, 1776, 2 days, at Hull; also, Capt. 
Peter Cusliing's co.. Col. Lovel's regt.; service from Dec. 14* to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 
days, at Hull. 

Bates, Levi. Private, Capt. Araos Turner's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 12 days; 
enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bates, Linus, Granville. Private, Capt. Leljbeus Ball's co., which marched April 20, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; discharged May 18, 1775 ; ser\'ice, 
1 mo. 

Bates, Linus. Drummer, Capt. William Cannon's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
marched to Ticonderoga May 6, 1777; returned July 14, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 
days. Roll dated Blandford. 

Bates, Luke, Cohasset. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
Jul}' 25, 1775 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 6 days, at Hingham; 



79G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Luke, contimied. 

reported sei-ved in place of Levi Burr; also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. 
by Nathaniel Barlier, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777; Col. Crane's 
regt. ; also, Corporal, Capt. Thomas Seward's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Camp at New "Windsor, Jan. 12, 
1780; Capt. Seward's co., 3d Artillery regt.; age, 24 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; 
complexion, fair; residence, Cohasset; enlisted March 10, 1777, by Lieut. Bailej'; 
enlistment, 3 years; reported enlisted from Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; also, Ser- 
geant, Capt. Seward's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 10, 1780; reported discharged March 10, 1780. 

Bates, MicAit, Upton. Corporal, Capt. Rol)ert Taft's co.. Col. Silas Wheelock's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"), to lioxbury ; service, 14 days. 

Bates, MiCAit, Upton. Sergeant, Capt. Ezra "Wood's co. ; company return dated April 
19 [probably 177")] . 

Bates, Moses, Rochester. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's (3d Rochester) Co., Col. 
Sprout's regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on tlie alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
14 days. 

Bates, Moses, Shelburne (also given Salem). Private, Capt. Samuel Tajior's co., 
Col. Nicholas Dyke's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Sept. 17, 1776; 
also, pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 28, 1776 ; also, 
Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 3 mos. 10 days, 
at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 23, 1777; also, muster roll dated 
Garrison at Ticonderoga, P'eb. 24, 1777 ; reported on command at the Block 
House at the mills; also, Capt. Lawrence Kemp's co.. Col. David Wells's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Ma}- 10, 1777 ; discharged July 17, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 
9 days, at the Northward; also, Capt. John "Wells's co.. Col. Wells's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at the North- 
ward ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Lieut. Benjamin 
Nash's CO., dated April 5, 1779; joined Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, Matross, Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Mason's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from March 27, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; return of 
men stationed at Springfield dated Nov. 1, 1779; also, Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. 
Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; also, statement of Continental balances [year not given] ; list of 
men in Capt. Bryant's co. at West Point. 

Bates, Moses. Corporal, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas Sears's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 

3 mos. 2 days; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

Bates, Nathan, llingham or Cohasset. Cori)oral, Capt. Peter Cushing's co., Col. 
Solomon Lovel's regt. ; service from Dec. 14 to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 days, at Hull. 

Bates, Nathaniel, Granville. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., which marched April 
20, 177"), in response to the alarm of April 19, 177."); discharged May 3, 177i); ser- 
vice, 13 days. 

Bates, Nathaniel, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; service from March 

4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days; marched to Dorchester; also, Capt. Beals's co.. Col. 
Solomon Lovell's regt. ; service from June 14 to June 16, 1776, 2 days, at Hull. 

Bates, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Moses French's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt.; 
pay roll for service from May 15, 1777, to July 15, 1777, 2 mos. 2 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 797 

Bates, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. 'William Cooler's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) resrt-; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 
9 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Bates, Nathaniel. Petition dated Concord, Sept. 30, 1777, signed by said Bates and 
others, asking for addition to wages for service guarding Continental stores at 
Little Canil)ridge, Concord, Sudl)ury, etc. ; service in Capt. Isaac Woods's co. ; 
warrant allowed bj- House of Representatives, Jan. 21, 1778. 

Bates, Nathaniel, Hingham. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel 
Pierce's regt. ; enlisted May 24, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 
days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. Luke 
Howell's CO., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 19, 1779; service, 4 mos. 
12 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also, pay roll for Dec, 1779; ser^'ice, 1 
mo. 4 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's 
detachment of guards ; enlisted May 31, 1780 ; rolls made np to May 1, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 11 mos. 2 days, at and about Boston, guarding Continental stores. 

Bates, Nathaniel. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; 
enlisted May 29, 1781 ; rolls made up to July 18, 1783 ; service, 25 mos. 20 days ; 
also, list of men entitled to clothing for 1782, dated Boston. 

Bates, Neal, Hanover. Private, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; 
enlisted June 29, 1778; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 5 days, at 
Rhode Island; a/so, Corporal, Capt. Joseph Soper's co.. Col. Theophilus Cot- 
ton's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; pay abstract for la days service in March, 1781, on 
the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bates, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 5, 1777 ; service, 21 days, on an expedi- 
tion to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Bates, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co., Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 10, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, 
at Saratoga; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781. 

Bates, Noah, Athol. Private, Capt. Ichabod Dexter's co., Col. Woodbridge's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Bates, North, Dartmouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Oct. 29, 1779; 1st 
CO., Col. Hathaway's regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; 
hair, brown; eyes, blue; residence, Dartmouth; enlistment, 9 months from time 
of arrival at Fishkill ; mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master. 

Bates, Oliver, Westford. Captain of a company in Col. James Prescot's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 29 
days ; reported succeeded in command by Joshua Parker, May 24, 1775. 

Bates, Oliver. Private, Capt. James Walsworth's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
11 days , at New London, Conn. 

Bates, Oliver. Corporal, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at 
Claverack. 

Bates, Oliver, Shelburne. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill July 7, 1778 ; Capt. 
Wells's (also given Capt. Camp's) co.. Col. Wells's regt.; age, -17 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Shelburne ; also, list of men returned as 



798 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bates, Oliver, continued. 

received of Jonathan Warner, Commissioner, dated Fort Arnold, July 10, 1778; 
also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 
6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; 
complexion, light; residence, Shelburne; arrived at Springfield June 29, 1780; 
marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of Ensign Joseph Miller ; also, list 
of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as hav- 
ing passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. "i.j, 1780 ; also, pay roll 
for 6 months men raised liy the town of Shelburne for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; marched June 29, 1780; discharged Dec. 30, 1780; service, 
6 mos. 11 days. 

Bates, Olivkii. Private, Capt. Oliver Shattuck's co., Lieut. Col. Barnabas Sears's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 8, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 2 days ; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated Deerfield. 

Bates, Othxiel, Hingham. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co., Col. Tyler's regt. ; pay 
roll for 20 days service in Dec, 1779, at Rhode Island. 

Batks, Pktku, Middleborough. Corporal, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.i, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. 
Joshua Benson's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
177"); enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days. 

Bates, Petek. Private, Capt. Joseph Cole's co.. Col. Robinson's regt.; enlisted July 
G, 1777; service, 5 mos. 25 days; mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1778. 

Bates, Peter, Hatfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. ; age, 
20 )'rs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Hatfield; enlisted July 5, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bates, Reiben, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 11 days. 

Bates, Reurex, Scituate. Private, Ensign Otis's co., 2d Plymouth Co. regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; company called " Royal 
Americans of Scituate." 

Bates, Revbex. Sergeant, Capt. William Barker's co.. Col. John Cushing's (2d 
Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 10, 1776, on an alarm; ser- 
vice, 15 days ; also, Capt. Thomas Nasli's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; pay 
roll for 3 days service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, Revbex. Private, Capt. Solomon Robinson's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's regt.; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., Aug. 4, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 days, 
on the alarm of July 27, 1780. Roll sworn to at Attleborough. 

Bates, Robert, Weymouth or Braintree. Private, Capt. Jacob Goold's co.. Col. Ben- 
jamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from AVey- 
mouth and Braintree; service, 8 days. 

Bates, Robert. Private, Capt. Theophilus AVilder's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bates, Robert. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Col. Co-rswcll's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, fortifying posts 
at and about Boston. 

Bates, Roger, Winchendon. Corporal, Capt. Abel Wilder's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Cambridge ; service, 12 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 799 

Bates, Rvrrs. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book, dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 16, 1776; tried by general court-martial, Brig. St. Clair, Presi- 
dent; charged with mutiny; found guilty, and ordered to receive 20 lashes on 
bare back and pick oakum for a week. 

Bates, Rifus. Corporal, Capt. Fletcher's co.. Col. Simonds's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 13, 
1780 ; service, 6 days ; marched to Pawlet on an alarm. 

Batks, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co. ; enlisted Jul}- 17, 177-j; 
discharged Dec. 23, 1775; service, 5 mos. 20 days. 

Bates, Samuel, "Weymouth or Braintree. Private, Capt. Jacob Goold's co., Col. Ben- 
jamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Wey- 
mouth and Braintree ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Goold's CO., Col. John Greaton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 12, 1775; service, 7 weeks; 
also, Capt. Goold's CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; company return [probalily Oct., 
1775] ; stationed at Fort No. 2, Cambridge; also, Capt. Goold's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 
12, 1775, 

Bates, Sasiuel, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; enlisted June 13, 1776 ; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 
19 days. lloU dated Castle Island. 

Batks, Samuel. Seaman, brigantine "Rising Empire," commanded by Capt. Richard 
Whellen; engaged June 11, 1776; discharged Sept. 3, 1776; service, 2 mos. 23 
days. 

Bates, Samuel. Private. Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; pay 
roll for 3 days service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Clap's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt. ; en- 
listed Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at Claver- 
ack; enlistment, 3 months; companj' raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bates, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Parker's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
muster roll dated Feb. 13, 1778; enlisted Jan. 9, 1778; enlistment, 3 mos., from 
Jan. 1, 1778; stationed at Rhode Island; also, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. 
Sprout's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from Sept. 6 to Sept. 10, 1778, 5 days ; 
marched to Dartnioutli on an alarm ; also, pay roll for 3 days service from Sept. 
10, 1779; marched to Falmouth on an alarm; also, Capt. Gibbs's co., Lieut. Col. 
"White's (ith Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 
1780 ; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at "Wareham. 

Bates, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Rider's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 7, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 28 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Con- 
tinental Army. 

Bates, Samuel, "Wareham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Cajjt. 
John Gibbs's co., Plymouth Co. regt., dated May 9, 1777 ; age, 22 yrs. ; residence, 
AVareham ; joined Capt. Joshua Eddy's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.. May 25, 1777 ; 
enlistment, 3 years, from May 9, 1777; mustered by James Hatch (also given 
Perez Simons), Muster Master ; also. Private, 7th co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
(12th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 18, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Eddy's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; muster roll for July, 
1778, dated "White Plains ; also, Capt. Lincoln's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Arm}' pay accoimts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 18, 1780. 

Bates, Samuel, Cummington. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Arm J- for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 1 in. ; complexion, light; residence. Cummington ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 24, 1780; marched to camp July 24, 1780, under command of Capt. 



800 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Sasivel, continued. 

Soaper ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 
1780. 

Bates, Samvkl, Lynn. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 17S0 ; age, 2-t yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Lynn ; arrived at Springfield 
July 17, 1780; marched to camp July 17, 1780, under command of Capt. Abner 
Howard; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Lynn for service 
in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 27, 1780 ; discharged Jan. 
13, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 29 days. 

Bates, Samvel, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days ; also, Capt. 
Lemuel KoUock's co.. Col. Wheclock's regt. ; marched from Wrentham to War- 
wick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1770; service, "> days; also, Capt. Samuel 
Cowell's CO., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 25, 1777, 
to Oct. 30, 1777, 1 mo. 5 days, on a secret expedition; also,\rdy roll for service 
from Aug. 4 to Aug. 26, 1778, 22 days, on an alarm at Khoile Island ; also, descrip- 
tive list of enlisted men dated Dorchester, July 19, 1779; Capt. Cowell's co., Col. 
Hawes's regt.; age, 28 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; nationality, American; hair, 
light; eyes, gray; occupation, cooper; residence, Wrentham; enlistment, 9 
months ; received from Maj. Badlam and conducted to Justin Ely, Commissioner, 
at Springfield, by Hezekiah Read Miller; reported delivered to Ensign John 
Hul)))el ; also, Capt. John Lincoln's co., Col. Joseph Webl)'s regt. ; marched Aug. 
20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bates, Samuel. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co.. Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 10, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, 
at Saratoga; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781. 

Bates, Samlei,, Wareham. Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 27 yrs.; stature, 5 
ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, blacksmith; residence, 
AVareham; enlisted March 30, 1781; joined Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. Zebulon King's 
CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for June-Sept., 1781; «/so, muster 
rolls for Oct., 1781-Dec., 1781, dated York llutts ; reported on command with the 
boats in Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated York Huts; 
reported sick and absent. 

Bates, Samuel. Lieutenant, Capt. Jolm Sherman's co.jCol. Gideon Burt's regt.; ser- 
vice from June IG to June 22, 1782, 6 days, at Sjjringlield and Northampton, sup- 
pressing the insurgents. 

Bates, Samuel, Jr., AVeymouth. Private, Capt. Jacob Goold's co., Col. John Grea- 
ton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 13 
weeks; a/,so, Capt. Goold's CO., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; comj)any return [prob- 
ably Oct., 1775] ; stationed at Fort No. 2, Cambridge; a/.so, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 12, 1775. 

Bates, Samuel, Jr., Hingham or Cohasset. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's co.. Col. 
Solomon Lovel's regt. ; service from Dec. 11 to Dec. 18, 1776, 4 days, at Hull. 

Bates, Samuel, 2d. Private, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
service from Dec. 8 to Dec. 10, 1776, 2 days ; marched to Falmouth on an alarm 
at I-Llizabeth Islands ; roll dated Wareliam ; also, pa.v roll for 13 days service at 
Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; roll dated AVareham; also, Capt. 
Gibbs's CO., Lieut. Col. AVhite's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 31, 1780; 
discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 Jays, at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at 
Wareham. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 801 

Bates, Seth, Hanover. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. John Bailey'8 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177."); service, 14 da.vs. 

Bates, Seth. Private, Capt. Joseph Cliffs co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's (Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; inarched July 29, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 19 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Seth, Scituate. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxljury Feb. 12, 1776 ; 
also, Capt. Winslow's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; receipt for advance pay 
dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776; also, pay rolls for service for Aug.-Nov., 
1776, 4 mos. 2 days. 

Bates, Seth. Private, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; service 
from Dec. 8 to Dec. 10, 1776, 2 days ; marched to Falmouth on an alarm at Eliza- 
beth Islands; roll dated AVareham ; also, pay roll for 13 days service at Rhode 
Island on the alarm of Dec. 10, 1776; roll dated Wareham; also, Capt. Gibbs's 
CO., Col. Sprout's {4th Plymouth Co.) regt.; service, 3 daj'S, from Sept. 10, 1779; 
marched to Falmouth on an alarm. 

Bates, Seth. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
drafted Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 6 days ; company 
drafted from Scituate and Hanover for a secret expedition to Tiverton, R. I. 

Bates, Seth. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.. Gen. 
Palmor's brigade ; service, 32 days, on a secret expedition to Tiverton, R. I., 
Sept. 29, 1777. 

Bates, Seth. Private, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 6, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 27 days, at 
Cambridge. 

Bates, Seth, Wareham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Plym- 
outh Co. regt.; enlistment, 9 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779; mustered by James 
Hatch, Muster Master; also. Private, Sergt. Elisha Ruggles's co. ; enlisted July 
1, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos.; stationed at Rochester and 
Wareham; reported in Continental service; also, desciiptive list of men raised 
to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of 
June 5, 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, 
Wareham; arrived at Springfield Juh' 10, 1780; marched to camp July 11, 1780, 
under command of Ensign Bancroft ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months 
service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, payroll for 6 months men raised by 
the town of Wareham for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched 
July 4, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 19, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 28 days. 

Bates, Seth, Pembroke. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Pembroke; arrived at Spring- 
field July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 8, 1780, under command of Ebenezer 
Kent; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Pembroke for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 4, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 10, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 17 days. 

Bates, Seth, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co.. Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxl)ury Feb. 12, 1776. 

Bates, Simeox, Wilbraham. Private, Capt. Langdon's co.. Col. Danielson's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bates, Simeox, Bolton. Private, Capt. William Warner's co.. Col. J. Whitnej''s legt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., for Nov., 1776. 



802 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bates, Simeon, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jabez Ellis's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days; also, Capt. Jacob Ida's co., Col. Dasr- 
gett's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 2i 
days. 

Bates, Si.meon. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. ; enlisted Jan. 20, 1778; discharged 
Juh' 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. 11 days; company detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties to guard stores and magazines at Brookticld and 
Springfield. 

Bates, Simeon. Private, Capt. Samuel Fish's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 8 
days, in Sept., 1779, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Bates, Simeon. Drummer, Capt. William Barker's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted March 6, 1781 ; discharged March 30, 1781 ; service, 28 days, on 
an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bates, Solomon. Drummer, Capt. Joseph Soper's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775 ; service, 
6 mos., under direction of field officers of 1st Plymouth Co. regt. 

Bates, Solomon, Hanover. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt.;. 
pay abstract for mileage, etc., to and from camp dated Nov., 1776; service at 
Dorchester Heights. 

Bates, Solojion. Private, Capt. Alexander Foster's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; service from July 27, 1778, to Aug. 12, 1778, 17 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Bates, Solomon. Private, Capt. Enoch Robinson's co., Capt. Commandant Samuel 
Fisher's regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1779; discharged Sept. 11, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
1 day, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 4 weeks. Roll dated Attleborough. 

Bates, Solomon, Attleborough. List of men mustered in Bristol Co. by James 
Leonard, Muster Master, between July 6, 1777, and Sept. 2, 1777 ; age, 31 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jul}- 8, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
muster return dated Albanj', Feb. 9, 1778; mustered by Capt. Lennerd. 

Bates, Solomon. Private, Capt. Moses Willmarth's co., Col. Isaac Dean's regt.;. 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 10 days. 

Bates, Solomon, Jr., Hanover. Private, Capt. Robert Lenthall Eells's (South Han- 
over) CO., imder direction of field officers of 2d Plymouth Co. re.st., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 
3 days. 

Bates, Spencer, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Freedom Chamberlin's co., Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marclied on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days ; also, Cai)t. 
Chamlterlain's co., Gen. John Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company return dated Rox- 
bury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Camp at Roxbury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Bates, Spenceu. Corporal, Capt. James Harlow's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
June 4, 1778 ; service, 8 mos. 10 days, guarding the passes of North River; enlist- 
ment, 8 months; also, pay rolls for Sept. and Dec, 1776; reported a Sergeant; 
also, Sergeant; order for wages dated Plympton, April 20, 1779. 

Bates, Stephen. Private, Capt. Samuel Clark's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 27 days; 
company called out by Brig. Gen. Fellows at the request of Maj. Gen. Schuyler 
and ordered to Fort Ann. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 803 

Bates, Stephen. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William White's (8th) co.. Col. Simonds's (2d 
Berkshire Co.) rei,'t. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 8, 1779; 
a/60, Lieut. John Kilburn's co., Col. Simonds's regt. ; service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 
20, 1780, 11 days ; marched to Vermont by order of Gen. Fellows on an alarm. 

Bates, Stephex. Private, Capt. Benjamin Barns's co.. Col. David Moseley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for 4 days service between June 12 and June 17, 1782, 
quelling the mob at Northampton ; also, Capt. Henry Porter's co. ; return for 
clothing [year not given] ; endorsed "Northampton Co." 

Bates, Stephex. Lieutenant, Capt. Le%T Brown's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men dated June 25, 1781. 

Bates, Sylvester, Rochester. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theoph- 
ilus Cotton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Nov. 11, 1775; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Briggs's (8th) co., 4th 
Plymouth Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned May 9, 1776. 

Bates, Thaddeus. List of men in Capt. Asa White's co. ; equipment roll dated Wey- 
mouth, March 20, 1775. 

Bates, Thaddeus, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co.; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Bates, Thaddeus. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt.; 
pay roll for 3 days service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, Thaddeus. Corporal, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bates, Theodore, Athol (also given Royalston). Descriptive list of enlisted men; 
Capt. Lord's (also given Capt. Oliver's) co.. Col. Grout's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Athol; enlisted July 8, 1779; enlist- 
ment, 9 months; marched to Springfield; mustered by Thomas Newhall, Muster 
Master, July 2, 1779 ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. ; complexion, light ; residence, Athol ; arrived at Springfield July 6, 
1780 ; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, pay 
roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Athol for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780 ; marched Julj' 2, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 15, 1780 ; service, 5 
mos. 14 days ; also, receipt for bounty paid him by Capt. William Young, Chair- 
man of Class No. 1 of the town of Athol, to serve in the Continental Armj- for 
the term of 3 years, dated Worcester, June 21, 1782 ; also, Private, Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted April 9, 1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; ser- 
vice, 8 mos. 22 days. 

Bates, Theophilus. Private, Capt. Daniel Fisher's co., Maj. Joli Cushing's regt.; 
marched Oct. 3, 1782; discharged Oct. 24, 1782; service, 23 days, at Hull. Roll 
sworn to at Dedham. 

Bates, Thomas, Springfield. Sergeant, Maj. Andrew Cotton's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Bates, Thomas. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Wolcott's co.. Col. Hopkins's regt.; pay 
roll for 16 days service between July 16, 1776, and Aug. 5, 1776 ; marched to the 
Highlands, N. Y. Roll sworn to in Berkshire Co. 

Bates, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Briggs's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt., 
Gen. Palmor's brigade ; service, 32 days, on a secret expedition to Tiverton, R. I., 
Sept. 29, 1777. 



80J: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batks, Thomas, Midilleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., -which 
inarched on the alarm of April 19, 177o, to Marshfiekl ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. 
Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Theopliilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted May ;"), 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, order for bount\- coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated lloxhury, Nov. 14, 1775 ; also, Lieut. Jonah Wash- 
burn's CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to Kliode Island on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 5 daj's; also, Capt. Amos Washl)urn's co., Col. Wade's 
regt.; enlisted June 22, 1778; discharged July 17, 1778; service, 25 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; service from Sept. G to Sept. 12, 1778, G days, on two alarms at Dartmouth. 

Bates, Thomas. Corporal, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; ser- 
vice from Dec. 8 to Dec. 10, 177G, 2 days; marched to Falmouth on an alarm at 
Elizabeth Islands; roll dated Wareham; also, Capt. Gibbs's co.. Col. Sprout's 
(4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; service from Sept. G to Sept. 10, 1778, 5 days ; marched 
to Dartmouth on an alarm ; also, pay roll for 5 days service from Sept. 13, 1778 ; 
marched to Falmouth on an alarm ; also, pay roll for 3 days service from Sept. 

10, 1779; marched to Falmouth on an alarm; also, Capt. Gibbs's co., Lieut. Col. 
White's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 
1780 ; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Wareham. 

Bates, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Parker's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
muster roll dated Feb. 13, 1778; enlisted Jan. 9, 1778; enlistment, 3 months from 
Jan. 1, 1778; stationed at Rhode Island; also, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. John 
Jacobs's regt.; enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to 
reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated Wareham. 

Bates, Thomas, Springfield. Capt. Burt's co.. Col. Samuel Howe's regt. ; list of men 
wlio marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Hampshire Co. 
militia, Inxt failed to join regiment. 

Bates, Thomas, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Hammond's co.; enlisted July 17, 1775; 
discharged Dec. 23, 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 20 days. 

Bates, Thomas, 2d, Wareham. Fifer, Capt. John Gibbs's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; service from Dec 8 to Dec. 10, 177G, 2 days ; marched to Falmouth on an 
alarm at Elizabeth Islands; also, Capt. Elisha Haskell's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Hawes's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; pay roll for service from July 29, 1778, to Sept. 

11, 1778, 1 mo. 15 days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Giblis's co.. Col. Sprout's 
(4th Plymouth Co.) regt.; service, 3 days, from Sept. 10, 1779; marched to Fal- 
mouth on an alarm. 

Bates, UiinAN. List of men in Capt. Asa White's co. ; equipment roll dated Wey- 
mouth, March 20, 1775. 

Bates, Waiid. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; pay 
roll for 3 days service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Bates, AVilliam, East Hoosac (also given New Stamford). Private, Capt. Samuel 
Sloan's CO., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Williamstown ; service, 14 days; also, Capt. Sloan's co.. Col. John 
Patterson's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at Camljridge, June 6, 1775; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bates, William, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Scth Turner's (Independent) co. ; en- 
listed Feb. 5, 177G ; service, 1 mo. 23 days ; company stationed at Braintree from 
Jan. 1, 1776, to May 22, 1776. 

Bates, William, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Obadiah Beals's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt.; service, from June 14 to June 16, 1776, 2 days, at Hull. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 805 

Bates, "William, Chesterfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. 
for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778; 
Capt. Bonne.v's eo., Col. Chapin's regt. ; age, 54 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; hair, 
brown ; residence, Chestertield ; reported rejected by the Muster Master General 
as unfit for service. 

Bates, William. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bates, William, Adams. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780.; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Adams 
for service in the Continental Armj' during 1780 ; marched June 22, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 19, 1780; service, 6 mos. 5 days. 

Bates, Worth. Private, Capt. Joshua Wilbore's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; 
pay abstract for mileage, etc , from Dartmouth to camp and return; allowed in 
Council, Nov. 29, 1776. 

Bates, Worth. Private, Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's 
regt.; enlisted July 26, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777; service, 1 mo. 7 days, 
at Rhode Island; a^so, return for travel allowance from Rhode Island to Dart- 
mouth Sept. 1, 1777; also, Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; marched 
on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; 
service, 1 mo. i days. 

Bates, Worth, Matross. Capt. Timothy Ingraham's co. ; pay roll for service from 
March 1, 1778, to May 1, 1778, 2 mos. 1 day; company stationed at fort at 
Dartmouth. 

Bates, Worth, Dartmouth. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Bristol Co. in 1779, 
to serve in the Continental Army ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, 
dark ; residence, Dartmouth ; delivered to Capt. L. Bailey ; also, Major's co., 11th 
regt. ; enlisted July 2-1, 1779 ; discharged April 24, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bates, Worth. Private, Capt. George Claghorn's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchell's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 2 
days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bates, Zealous, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
musterrolldated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 21 days ; also, 
Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct, 
5, 1775 ; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775 ; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Obadiah Beals's co. ; service from March -4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days ; marched 
to Dorchester; also, Capt. Beals's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; service from 
June 14 to June 16, 1776, 2 days, at Hull. 

Batest, John-. Boy, sloop " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk ; pay roll 
for service from June 25, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, dated Salem. 

Batger, Axdreas. Private, Col. Armand's Legion; list of men dated July, 1778 
(Independent co. taken into Continental service agreeable to resolve of June 25, 
1778). 

Bath, John, Marblehead. Capt. Francis Symonds's co.. Col. Jolm Glover's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also. Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 6, 1775; service, 2 mos. [See John Batte 
and Batty.] 

Bathanick, Jasox, L'pton. Private, Capt. Robert Taft's co., Col. Silas Wheelock's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 8 days. 



806 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bathehbee, Benjamin'. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Sept. 1, 1776; tried by general court-martial, Lieut. Col. 
Erving, President; charged with deserting and enlisting into another regiment; 
pleaded gnilty and sentenced to receive 39 lashes for eacli offence, to forfeit his 
pay in each regiment, and to be drummed out of the army with a halter round his 
neck and then sent to Lake George; served in Capt. Pothermis's co.. Col. "Wind's 
regt. 

Batherick, Abel, Andover. Private, Capt. Noyes's co., Col. Phinney's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; encamped at Fort No. 2, Cambridge; enlisted 
July 13, 1775. 

Batherick, Jasox. Private, Capt. Thomas Baker's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Batherick, Johx, Cambridge (probably). Private, Capt. Samuel Thatcher's co.. Col. 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Bathorick, Abel. Capt. Samuel Noyes's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; billeting 
roll from date of enlistment, July 13, 1775, to date of marching to headquarters, 
July 13, 1775; marched from Falmouth ; also, oi-der for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 27, 1775 ; also, Private, Capt. 
Ilart -Williams's co.. Col. Phinney's regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort 
George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported deserted Sept. 1, 1776. 

Bathrick, Abel, Mt. Desert (also given Casco Bay and Boston). Return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel Fisher's (1st) co.. Col. Ben- 
jamin Ilawes's (4th Suffolk Co.) regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778; residence, Mt. Desert; 
enlisted for town of "Wrentham; joined Capt. Brown's co.. Col. Bigelow's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years, to expire Aug., 1780; mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master; also. Private, Capt. Joshua Brown's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; 
Continental Armj- paj- accounts for service from March 6, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, muster roll for Feb., 1779, sworn to at Providence; also. Colonel's co.. Col. 
Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 2 mos. as Private, 10 mos. as Corporal; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 10, 1781 ; Capt. Houdin's 
CO., Col. Putnam's (5th) regt.; age, 32 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6^ in.; complexion, 
dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, gray ; residence, Boston ; enlisted as Corporal Dec, 1779, 
by Capt. Brown; joined from 15th regt.; enlistment, during war; also. Corporal, 
Capt. Michael G. Houdin's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.- 
April, 17S1, dated West Point; reported on command with light infantry Feb.- 
April, 1781. 

Bathrick, David, Westborough (probably). Private, Capt. Brigham's co., Col. Cush- 
ing's regt. ; pay abstract for 2 mos. service at Dorchester and 2 mos. service at 
New York [j'ear not given] ; reported as belonging to alarm list. 

Bathrick, Jason, Upton. Private, Capt. Ezra Wood's co. ; company return dated 
April 19 [probably 1775] ; also, Capt. David Batchelor's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 24, 1775; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Farrar's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's (3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; marched to 
Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; discharged Dec. 31, 1776; service, 22 
days; stationed at Providence, R. I.; also, receipt for bounty paid him by the 
town of Upton to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
Upton, June 12, 1781. 

Bathrick, Jason. Mason, Quartermaster-General's department at Fishkill ; return of 
men in service Oct. 14, 1781 ; reported drafted from the Line. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 807 

Bathrick, John, "Weston. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middle- 
sex Co. [year not given] . 

Bathrick, Samuel, Lunenburg. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Goodridge's 
CO., Col. Rand's regt. ; age, 49 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; occu- 
pation, farmer; residence, Lunenburg; enlisted April 26, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Bathrick, Solomox. Private, Capt. Brigham's co.. Col. Cushing's regt. ; pay abstract 
for 2 mos. service at Dorchester [year not given] . 

Bathkick, Solomox, Westborough (probably). Sergeant; list of men belonging to 
train band [year not given] . 

Bathrick, Stephex. Private, Capt. Brigham's co. ; list of men [year not given]. 

Bathrick, Stephex, Westborough (probably). Corporal; list of men retm-ned as 
belonging to train band [year not given] . 

Bathrick, Timothy. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co.. Col. Smith's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 20, 1777, to April 30, 1778; 
credited to town of Upton; reported died April 30, 1778; also, Capt. Thomas 
"Wellington's co., Col. Smith's (late "Wigglesworth's) regt. ; return of men in ser- 
vice on or liefore Aug. 15, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported mustered by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master. 

Batis, Solo:\iox. Private, Capt. Gardner's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (4th) regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 8, 1780. 

Batle, Hexry. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's CO. ; service from March 14 to March 18, 
1781, 4 days, at Rhode Island. 

Batle, James. Receipt for wages from June 1, 1776, to Sept. 1, 1776, given by said 
Batle and others to Capt. Benjamin Smith. 

Batles, Abner. Receipt for wages from June 1, 1776, to July 14, 1776, given by said 
Batles and others to Capt. Benjamin Smith. 

Batles, Joxathax, Newport. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Eli Parker's co., Hampshire Co. regt., dated March 29, 1779 ; residence, 
Newport; enlisted for town of Amherst; joined Capt. Flower's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Batmax, Johx. Private, Capt. John Buttrick's co.. Col. Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 
28, 1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 11 days; company detached 
from Col. Brooks's regt. to reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward at the taking 
of Gen. Burgoyne. 

Batmax, Thomas. Private, Capt. Jesse Bradley's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 30, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 27 days. 

Batmax, "William, Newbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated 
Newbury, Aug. 23, 1777 ; joined Capt. Samuel Carr's co., Col. James "Wesson's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported deserted. 

Batmax, William. Return of bounty paid by the town of Sandisfield to said Batman 
to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Sandisfield, June 
6, 1781. 

Batmax, Zebulox. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt. ; enlisted May 28, 
1782 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 7 mos. 2 days. 

Batmox, Johx, Concord. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; return 
of men in camp at White Plains [year not given] . 

Batox, James, Salem. Private, Capt. Micajah Gleason's co., Col. John Nixon's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 23, 1775; service, 1 mo. 27 days. 



808 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baton, Jajies. Col. Sprout's regt. ; statement of Continental balances certified April 
28, 1780; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bats, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 15 
days. Roll dated Hanover. 

Bats, Carver, Middleborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co., Col. Sprout's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 
19, 1778; joined Capt. Eddy's co., Col. Bradford's I'egt. ; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war. 

Bats, Clement. Corporal, Capt. Amos Turner's co., Col. John Cushing's (2d Plym- 
outh Co.) regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 
15 days. Roll dated Hanover. 

Bats, Clement. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt. ; enlisted March 5, 1781 ; discharged March 20, 1781 ; service, 15 
days, on the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bats, Comfort. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Soper's co., Col. Theopliilus Cotton's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt.; enlisted March 5, 1781; discharged March 20, 1781; service, 15 
days, on the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bats, Israel, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Enoch Robinson's co.. Col. Isaac Dean's 
regt. ; marclied to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of July 31, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 
8, 1780 ; service, 10 days. 

Bats, John. Corporal, Capt. John Ford's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
enlisted May 25, 1775 [service not given]. 

Bats, Laban, Bellingham. Sergeant, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co.. Col. "Wheelock's regt. ; 
marched to Warwick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 23 days. 

Bats, Neal. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Soper's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; en- 
listed March 5, 1781 ; discharged March 20, 1781 ; service, 15 daj'S, on an alarm 
at Rhode Island. 

Bats, Sajiuel, Wrenthani. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 33 yrs. ; stature, 5 
ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Wrentham ; enlisted Aug. 15, 1781 ; en- 
listment, 3 months ; reported detached from Lieut. Shepai'd's co. 

Bats, Seth. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; marched to Bristol, 11. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 15 days. 
Roll dated Hanover. 

Bats, Solomon, Hanover. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Batson, Sa^iuel. Seaman; list of prisoners sent from Halifax to Boston in the cartel 
" Swift," Sept. 30, 1778. 

Batt, . [This name also appears under the form of Butt.] 

Batt, Consider. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; 
roll for rations made up from May 15 to May 28, 1777, 14 days ; company reported 
to be in Continental service. 

Batt, Isaac. Private, Capt. Lot Crowell's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt.; pay 
roll for 3 days service in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Batt, John, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
William Edgell's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Westminster, Dec. 26, 1777; 
residence, Falmouth ; enlisted for town of AVestminster (also given Weston) ; 
joined Capt. Lunt's co.. Col. Henle3''s regt. ; enlistment, 8 months; mustered by 
Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master; reported "time expii-ed." 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 809 



Batt, Joseph. Captain of a companj', Col. Edward Pope's regt. ; marched to Rhode 
Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; stationed at Warren, K. I. ; company raised 
in Berkley 

Batt, Richard. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co. ; service, 1 mo. 8 days ; company 
drafted for serv-ice at and about Boston, under Col. Thomas Crafts, agreeable to 
resolve of Sept. 16, 1777. 

Batt, William, Barre. Private, Capt. Jonathan Sibley's co., Col. Luke Drury's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 9, 1781 ; arrived at camp Aug. 22, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 21, 1781 ; 
service, 3 mos. 23 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Battan, John. Prizemaster, Imgantinc " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Fisk; engaged March 8, 1777; rolls made up to Aug. 31, 1777; service, 5 mos. 23 
days; rolls dated Boston; also, Master, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded 
by Capt. Jonathan Haraden ; engaged Oct. 1, 1777 ; discharged May 8, 1778 ; ser- 
vice, 7 mos. 8 days. 

Battan, John, Jr. Boy, brigantine •' Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Haiaden ; rolls for rations made up from Oct. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1778, 219 days. 

Battchelor, Benjamin, Upton. Private, Capt. Robert Taft's co., Col. Silas Whee- 
lock's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177o, to Roxbury ; service, 
8 days. 

Batte, John, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Symonds's co.. Col. Glover's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. [See Bath and Batty.] 

Batteels, Joshua, Plymouth. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Plymouth ; arrived at Spring- 
field Sept. 3, 1780; marched to camp Sept. 7, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Simonds. 

Battel, Hezekiah, Dedham. Fifer, Capt. AVhi ting's co., Col. Brewer's regt.; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Battel, Isaac. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Abner Lowell's (Artillery) co., Col. Peter Noyes's 
regt.; enlisted June 13, 1776; rolls made up to March 31, 1777; ser^ice, 9 mos. 
18 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Battel, Nathan, Natick. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 28, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service. 1 mo. 6 days, at 
Claverack; enlistment, 3 months. 

Battelle, . [This name also appears under the form of Battle.] 

Battelle, Ebenezer. Captain ; roll made up for service guarding Continental stores 
at and near Watertown in July, 1778 ; also, warrant to pay otficers and men dated 
March 7, 1783; service at Roxbury, in 1778; also, Lieut. Col. Samuel Peirce's 
regt.; enlisted May 7, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 28 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Battels, Jared. Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Battels, Jeremiah. Capt. Andrew Peters's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Jan. 5, 177G. 

Battels, John. List of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutchinson 
of the 27th regt. dated Fort Lee, Nov. IG, 1776 ; taken prisoner at Fort Washing- 
ton ; served in Capt. P-ter's (?) co. 



810 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Battels, John, Leominster (also given Lancaster). Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. John Joslin, Jr.'s co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated 
Nov. 7, 1777; residence, Leominster; joined Capt. Lebbeus Bauls's co., Col. 
"William Shepherd's (4th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

BAirEMAN, Christopher. Private, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; 

service, 1 mo. 7 days, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island ; roll sworn to in 

Suffolk Co. Dec. 4, 1777. 
Batten, Benjamin, Seaman, frigate " Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker ; 

engaged March 11, 1779; reported deserted March 12, 1779. 

Batten, John. List of men on board the ship " Jason," commanded by Capt. Simon 
Forrester, dated June 15, 1780. 

Batten, John, Jr. List of men on board the sliip "Jason," commanded by Capt. 
Simon Forrester, dated June 15, 1780. 

Batten, Roland, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co.. Col. Moses Lit- 
tle's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 18, 1775 ; service, 14 days ; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 30 yrs.; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 25, 1775. 

Batteuhee, . [This name also appears under the form of Batherbee.] 

Batterkee, Benjamin, Kingston (also given Newbury). Private, 5th co.. Col. Bai- 
ley's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, 
to Aug. 16, 1777 ; credited to town of Newbury (also given Kingston) ; enlistment, 
3 years ; reported deserted Aug. 16, 1777 ; also, Capt. Seth Drew's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt.; return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778; also, return [year not 
given] ; age, 35 yrs. 

Batterbee, John, AVrentham. Private, Capt. Lewis Whiting's co.. Col. Wheelock's 
regt. ; return of men in camp at Ticonderoga Aug. 27, 1776 ; age, 30 yrs. 

Batterman, Chris. Private, Capt. John Stutson's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards ; detached Dec. 10, 1777 ; discharged March 1, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 
22 days, with guards at Boston, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Batters, John. Private ; list of men given in a memorandum of orders accepted on 
account of wages from July to Dec. [year not given], dated Dec. 26, 1783. 

Batters, William. Private, Capt. William Green's co.. Col. Cyprian How's regt.; 
enlisted July 29, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Battes, Isaac. Capt. Elijah Crooker's co.. Col. John Tliomas's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxl>ury, Nov. 9, 1775. 

Battes, Jeremiah, Biddeford. Sergeant, Colonel's co., Col. libenezer Sprout's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported as serving 10 mos. 16 days as Corporal, 25 mos. 15 days, as Sergeant; 
appointed Nov. 16, 1777. 

Battes, Samuel. Private, Capt. Micali Hamlin's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Oct. 31, 1776, 3 mos. 

Battey, John. Seaman, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston ; 
engaged Feb. 4, 1777 ; roll made up to Aug. 4, 1777 ; service, 6 mos. 

Battiels, Joshua, Plymouth. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Battis, . [This name also appears under the form of Batis, Batters, Bettes, Bettess, 

Betteys, Bettis.] 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 811 

Battis, John, Greenfield. Capt. Agrippa "Wells's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; 
order for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; also, Private; company re- 
turn [probal)ly Oct., 177")] ; reported discharged Sept. 23, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Ilill, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Battis, John, Waltham (also given Martineco). Descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Middlesex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
June 19, 1778 ; Col. Thatcher's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; residence, 
Waltham ; also. Private, Capt. Tliomas Prichard's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
enlistment, during war; also, Capt. E. Cumpston's (4th) co.. Col. Greaton's (3d) 
regt. ; list of men taken from Lieut. James Davis's book. 

Battis, Joseph, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Francis Symonds's co.. Col. John 
Glover's regt ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 30, 1775; service, 

2 mos. 7 days ; also, comjiany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Battis, Joseph, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wade's co., Col. Moses Little's 
(12th) regt.; enlisted Jan. 13, 1776; also, receipt for provisions from April, 1776, 
to July 13, 1776, dated Long Island ; also, pay abstract for equipments, etc., dated 
Prospect Hill, 1776. 

Battis, Moses. Matross, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; muster roll taken to Nov. 15, 1778, dated Springfield ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Battist, Joh.v. Cabin Boy, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. John 
Fisk; engaged March 6, 1777; rolls made up to Oct. 16, 1777; service, 7 mos. 12 
days; also, muster roll for March-July, 1777, dated Salem; also, muster roll for 
Aug.-Oct., 1777, dated Boston. 

Battle, . [This name also appears under the form of Batel, Batle, Battel, Battelle, 

Battles, Bottle, Brattle.] 

Battle, Asa. Private, Capt. Samuel Holden's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Battle, C^sar. Private, Capt. Daniel Eames's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 

3 days. 

Battle, Ebenezek. Lieutenant, Capt. Moses Draper's co.. Col. Thomas Gardner's 
(Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 2, 1775. 

Battle, Ebenezer, Dedham. Captain of a company which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 13 days ; also. Col. Mcintosh's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 5 days rations, etc., in March, 1776 ; served at the taking 
of Dorchester Heights; also, 8th co.. Col. William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned May 10, 1776 ; also. Col. 
Mcintosh's regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Weld; pay roll for service from 
Dec. 11 to Dec. 30, 1776, 19 days, at Castle Island; also. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to July 8, 1777, 2 mos. 1 day, at 
Providence, R. I.; also. Col. Mcintosh's regt.; enlisted March 23, 1778; dis- 
charged April 5, 1778; service, 15 days; marched to Roxbury; also, 8th co., 1st 
Suffolk Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 2, 1778; 
also, 2d Major, Col. Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt. ; official record of a ballot 
by the House of Representatives dated April 1, 1780 ; appointment concurred in bj- 
the Council April 1, 1780. 

Battle, Ebenezer, Dedham. Private, Capt. Joseph Lewis's (1st Dedham) co.. Col. 
William Mcintosh's regt. ; marched to Dorchester on the alarm of March 4, 1776 ; 
service, 4 days ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the term 



812 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Battle, Ebenezer, contintied. 

of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 1778, dated Dor- 
chester ; Capt. Goold's co., Col. Mcintosh's ref:;t. ; a.ire, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; 
hair, dark; eyes, pray; nationality, American; occupation, husbandman; resi- 
dence, Dedham; received of Maj. Stephen Badlam and delivered to Brig. Gen. 
Jonathan "Warner at Fishkill ]>y Capt. Robert Davis. 

Battle, Ehenezer. Sergeant, Capt. Moses BuUard's co., Col. Ebenezer Thaj-er's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 
mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Battle, Ebenezer, Jr., Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (-Ith Parish) ; service, 8 days ; also, 
Capt. Battle's co.. Col. Jonathan Titcomb's regt.; pa}' roll for service from May 
8, 1777, to July 8, 1777, 2 mos. 1 day, at Providence, R. I.; also, Capt. Battle's 
CO., Col. William Mcintosh's regt.; enlisted March 23, 1778; discharged April 5, 
1778 ; service, 15 days ; marched to Roxbury. 

Battle, Hezekiah, Dedham. Fifer, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish); service, 3 days; also, 
Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775; enlisted May 26, 1775; service, 2 mos. 11 days; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dedham, Feb. 27, 1776; also, Drummer, 
Cajit. Battle's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; pay abstract for 5 days rations, etc., in 
March, 1776; served at the taking of Dorchester Heights ; also, Capt. Battle's co., 
Col. Mcintosh's regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. Weld; pay roll for service from 
Dec. 11, 1776, to Dec. 30, 1776, 19 days, at Castle Island; also, Capt. Battle's co.. 
Col. Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted March 23, 1778 ; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 
15 days ; marched to Roxbury ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 
1778, dated Dorchester ; Capt. Goold's co., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; age, 20 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; hair, dark; eyes, dark; nationality, American; occupation, 
cordwainer; residence, Dedham ; received of Maj. Stephen Badlam and delivered 
to Brig. Gen. Jonathan Warner at Fishkill by Capt. Robert Davis. 

B.iTTLE, Isaac. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; enlisted Feb. 20, 1776 ; dis- 
charged June 12, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days, at Falmouth. 

Battle, Isaac. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Preble's (Artillery) co. ; list of sea coast 
officers stationed at Falmouth ; commissioned June 12, 1776. 

Battle, Ithikl. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co., Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 27, 1777 ; service, 20 days ; 
marched under Lieut. Joseph Wilson to reinforce Northern army by order of Maj. 
Gen. Schuyler; roll dated Tyringham; also, Capt. Hearick's co.. Col. Ashley's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 17, 1781; service, 7 days; marched 
under Lieut. Col. John Collar by order of Col. John Ashley, Jr., on an alarm. 

Battle, James (also given Jr.), Mendon. Private, Capt. Japheth Daniels's co., Col. 
Thomas Nixon's 5th (also given 6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from April 24, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return of men in service Aug. 
15, 1777, dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; also, muster roll dated High- 
lands, June 12, 1779; enlistment, 3 .years; also, Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 24, 1780; reported discharged April 24, 
1780; also, order for wages, etc., dated llopkinton. 

Battle, Johx, Hopkinton. Corporal, Capt. John Homes's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Battle, John, Dedham. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedliam (4th Parish) ; service, 6 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 813 

Battle, John, Leominster. Private, Capt. Wilder's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Battle, Johx. Private, Capt. Ichabod Thayer's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Battle, Jonah, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., wliich marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Dedham (4th Parish) ; service, 7 days. 

Battle, Jonas. Private, Capt. Daniels's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Sept. 1, 1780; reported discharged. 

Battle, Jonathaxi- Private, Capt. James Morton's co.. Col. Pierce's regt. ; marched 
to Governor's Island March 3, 1778 ; discharged April 4, 1778 ; service, 32 daj^s. 

Battle, Jonathan. Sergeant (also given Corporal), Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 11 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Battle, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Tucker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; en- 
listed July 15, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 18 days; also, Capt. 
Joseph McNall's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt. ; marched to Tiverton, 
R. I., May 17, 1779, on an alarm ; service, 1 mo. 18 days. 

Battle, Josiah, Dedham. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battle's co., Col. William Mcintosh's 
regt.; pay abstract for 5 days rations, etc., in March, 1776; served at the taking 
of Dorchester Heights; also, Capt. Battle's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.; enlisted 
March 23, 1778 ; discharged April 9, 1778 ; service, 18 days ; marched to Roxlmry ; 
also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the term of 9 months 
from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 1778, dated Dorchester; Capt. 
Goold's CO., Col. Mcintosh's regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; hair, dark; 
eyes, gray ; nationality, American ; occupation, husbandman ; residence, Ded- 
ham; received of Maj. Stephen Badlam and delivered to Brig. Gen. Jonathan 
Warner at Fishkill by Capt. Robert Davis. 

Battle, Justice (also given Justis), Great Barrington. Private, Capt. William King's 
CO., Col. John Fellows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, 
Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s (1st Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 14 days; marched under 
Lieut. Joseph Wilson to reinforce Northern army by order of Maj. Gen. Schyler; 
roll dated T.vringham; also, Capt. Noah Lankton's co., Col. Ashley's regt.; en- 
listed July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 14, 1777; service, 24 days; marched to 
Kingsbury by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. Roll dated Tyringham. 

Battle, Justus, Mendon. Private, Capt. Samuel Warren's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 6, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days ; 
also, company return dated Sept. 26, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Battle, Nathaniel, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co., Col. Samuel BuUard's 
regt., which marched April 24, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 5 days ; also, Capt. Aaron Gardner's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; return dated 
1776. 

Battle, Nathaniel, Sherborn. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 38 yrs. ; 
stature. 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; residence, Sherborn ; arrived at Springfield 
July 20, 1780 ; marched to camp Aug. 9, 1780. under command of Capt. Daniel 
Lunt ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; 



814 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Battle, Nathaniel, continued. 

also. Private ; pay roll for 6 months men raised by tlie town of Sherborn for service 
in the Continental Armj- during 1780; marched Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Dec. 20, 
1780; service, 4 mos. 28 days. 

Battle, Rufvs, Milford. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Thayer's cc. Col. 
Flagg's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Milford; enlisted Feb. 28, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Battle, Timothy, Medfield. Private, Capt. Sabin Mann's (Train Band) co. ; return 
for equipments made up to June 10, 1776; also, \\st of men drafted to reinforce 
Continental Army, agreeal>Ie to a warrant issued Nov. 21, 1776, and attested by 
Capt. Mann ; also, list of men who marched to Rhode Island on an alarm July 
22, 1777. 

Battle, Timothy. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's cc, Maj. Seth Bullard's regt.; 
ordered to march Aug. 3, 1780 ; arrived at camp Aug. 5, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 
7, 1780 ; service, 7 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Battles, . [This name also appears under the form of Batles, Batteels, Battelle^ 

Battels, Battes, Battiels, Battle, Battls, Bottles, Bratle, Brattle.] 

Battles, Edward, Uxbridge. Private, Capt. Samuel Read's co., wliith marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Battles, Ephraim, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Jol) Cushing's co.. Col. Jolin Greaton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 21 
days; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's regt.; company return dated Fort 
No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Caml)ridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Battles, James, Leominster. Private, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., Col. Timothy Dan- 
ielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 2 
mos. 20 daj's; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 22, 1775. 

Battles, James. Private, Capt. Peter Penninian's co.. Col. AVood's regt. ; i)ay roll for 
service from April 18, 1777, to May 7, 1777, 21 days, at Rhode Island. 

Battles, jArtiES, Mendon. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Gershom Nelson's (2d Mendon) co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 13, 1778; 
joined Capt. Daniels's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years, to expire May, 
1780; return made to Col. Moses Wheelock; reported mustered by Nathaniel 
Barber, Muster Master. 

Battles, James. Private, Capt. Whipple's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 27, 1777, to Aug. 7, 1777 ; re- 
ported exchanged for Nathaniel Pees Aug. 7, 1777. 

Battles, James, Leominster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Nathaniel Carter's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Nov. 7, 1777; joined 
Capt. Whipple's co.. Col. Paterson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Battles, James, Lancaster. Private, Maj. Lebbeus Ball's co.. Col. William Sheppard's 
(3d) regt. ; Continental .\rmy pay accounts for service from Jan. 31, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; credited to town of Leominster; reported joined Sept. 1, 1778; enlist- 
ment, during war; also, muster rolls for Nov., 1778, and March and April, 
1779, dated Camp at Providence; enlisted March 5, 1777; reported on com- 
mand at Newton in March and April, 1779; also, Capt. George Webb's co., Col. 
Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780 ; also, descriptive list of men who re-enlisted l)etween Sept. 30, 1779, 
and Feb. 23, 1780, dated Bud's Highlands; Col. William Shepard's (Ith) regt.; 
age, 20 3'rs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; liair, dark; residence, Lan» 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 815 

Battles, James, continued. 

caster; also, Capt. AVebb's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster roll 
for Dec., 1781, dated Hutts, 1st brigade; reported died Dec. 1, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Battles, Jared, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. J. Greaton's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 177-"); service, 2 mos. 21 days; 
also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, 
Oct. 5, 1775; also, Corporal, Capt. Oltadiah Beals's co. ; pay roll for service from 
March 4 to March 9, 1776, 5 days; marched to Dorchester; also, Private, Capt. 
Beals's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; pay roll for service from June 14 to 
June 16, 1776, 2_days, at Hull. 

Battles, Jeremiah, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 10 days ; reported enlisted 
into the army April 27, 1775; also. Sergeant, Capt. Andrew Peters's co., Col. 
Joseph Read's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 25, 1775. 

Battles, John, Stoughton. Private, Capt. William Briggs's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; ser^-ice, 3 mos. 
7 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775. 

Battles, John. Private, Capt. John Bradley's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 16 days ; marched to Manchester, Vt., to join 
Jforthern army ; reported furloughed. Roll dated Suffolk Co. 

Battles, Johx. Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., Col. William Shepard's regt. ; muster return 
dated Feb. 3, 1778 ; reported deserted. 

Battles, Johx, Leominster. Private, Capt. David Wilder's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 17, 1775; service, 2 mos. 19 
days; also, receipts for wages for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; 
also. Private, Maj. Lebbeus Ball's co.. Col. William Sheppard's (3d) regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for ser-vice from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779;^ 
reported joined Sept. 1, 1778; also, muster rolls for Nov., 1778, and March and 
April, 1779, dated Camp at Providence; enlisted Dec. 3, 1777; enlistment, during 
war ; also, Capt. Webb's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. George Webb's (Light 
Infantry) co., Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster rolls for Feb.-Dec, 1781, dated 
Hutts, 1st brigade ; also, muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated Hutts. 

Battles, Johx, Jr., Stoughton. Private, Capt. Asahel Smith's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Battles, Joxathax, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co., Col. Lemuel Rob- 
inson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; also, 
Capt. Simeon Leach's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; pay roll for 5 days service 
from March 4, 1776; marched to fortify Dorchester Heights ; also. Sergeant, Capt. 
Job Cushing's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt.; enlisted May 19, 1779; ser- 
vice, 44 days, at Tiverton, R. I. ; also, Capt. Luke Howell's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; enlisted Sept. 1, 1779; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1780; ser>ice, 4 mos., at 
Rhode Island. 

Battles, Jos. List of men dated 1776. 

Battles, Joshva, Plymouth. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 10, 1778; 
Capt. Bartlet's co., Col. Cotten's regt.; age, 45 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Plymouth. 



816 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Battles, Joshua, Plymouth. Retiirn of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Zacli. Bartlett's co., 1st Plymouth Co. rei^t., dated Feb. 21, 1778; joined 
Capt. Dunham's co., Col. Bailej^'s rest.; enlistment, 3 years; reported mustered 
by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master; also, I'rivate, 8th co.. Col. John Bailey's 
regt. ; Continental Army paj' accounts for service from March 5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Judah Alden's co., Col. Bailey's re^t. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March T), 1780. 

Battles, Joshua, Plymouth. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Plym- 
outh for service in the Continental Armj- during 1780 ; marched July 9, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Jan. 9, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 12 days. 

Battles, Noah. Private, Capt. Ichabod Bonney's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
marched Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 11, 1778; service, 2 mos. 11 days, at Castle 
Island. 

Battles, Samuel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Clap's co., Col. Benjamin Ilawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 2G, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 11, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 17 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Battles, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Richards's co. ; enlisted Aug. 11, 1779; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 3 days ; companj' served with detachment of militia under Capt. Samuel 
Fisher at Rhode Island. 

Battles, Samuel, Stoughton. Private, Capt. William Briggs's co., Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 
days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775; also, Capt. Simeon 
Leach's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; enlisted March 21, 1776; service, 2 days; 
marched from Stoughton to Braintree when Britisli ships lay in Boston harbor; 
also, Capt. Aaron Smith's co., Col. Gill's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged 
Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 27 days; marched to reinforce Northern army ; also, 
descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 
months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Stoughton; arrived at Springfield July 8, 1780; 
marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. Jackson of the artillery. 

Battles, Timothy, Plymouth. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Plymouth for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 3, 1780 ; 
discharged Jan. 3, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 12 days. 

Battls, James. Private, Capt. George Webb's (Light Infantry) co., Col. William 
Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster roll for Feb.-Nov., 1781, dated Hutts, 1st Brigade; 
enlistment, during war; reported sick at Virginia. 

Battls, Samuel, Stoughton. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Stoughton for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 25, 
1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 6 mos. 16 days. 

Battox, Aaron, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship "Thomas," 
commanded by Capt. Samuel Ingersoll, dated Aug. 7, 1780; age, 16 jts. ; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Salem. 

Battox, John, Salem. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin AVard, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 
1776 ; discharged Nov. 18, 1776 ; service, 7 mos. 7 days, at Salem ; reported pro- 
moted from Corporal June 27, 1776. 

Batton, John. 1st Prizemaster, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk ; engaged March 8, 1777 ; discharged July 31, 1777. Roll dated Salem. 

Batton, John. 3d Prizemaster, Ijrigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk; engaged March 8, 1777; discharged Sept. 16, 1777; service, 6 mos. 10 
days. Rolls dated Salem and Boston. 

Battrick, Jason. List of men on a wage account for 1778-82, of Col. Marshall's and 
other regts. ; reported discharged April 1, 1782. 



IX THE WAll OF THK llEVOLUTIOX. 817 

Batts, Alpheus. Private, Capt. Benjamin Beals's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Sept. 15, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 27 days; company 
drafted to guard stores and troops of convention at Boston ; enlistment, months, 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Batts, Caleb, Hingham. Sergeant, Capt. Burbeck's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) 
regt.; Continental Amy pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Sept. 11, 
1777; reported killed Sept. 11, 1777; also, Capt. David Bryant's co., Col. Crane's 
regt. ; returns made up from Feb. 22, 1777, to Sept. 31, 1777. 

Batts, David, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; 
also, Corporal ;_niuster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 8 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batts, Elijah, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Batts, Elisha. Private, Capt. Benjamin Beals's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; en- 
listed July 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 13, 1778; service, 4 mos. 24 days; company 
drafted to guard troops of convention and stores at Boston. 

Batts, Issachar. Private, Capt. Jothara Houghton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's (7th) 
regt., Gen. Warner's l)rigade; pay roll for service from Nov. 3 to Nov. 19, 1778, f 
17 days ; company detached to reinforce guards in barracks at Rutland under Col. 
Jacob Gerrish and to escort troops of convention to Enfield, Conn. 

Batts, Johx. Lieutenant; list of men belonging to Lynn, now called Lynn, Lynnfield 
and Saugus, who served at Concord Ijattle and elsewhere [year not given] . 

Batts, Johx, Jr. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777 ; roll made up to Feb. 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 
days. Roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Batts, Lemuel. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 1 mo. 6 days service dated Scituate ; company drafted from 
Scituate and Hanover Sept. 25, 1777, to march on a secret exi)edition to Tiver- 
ton, R. I. 

Batts, Moses, Rochester. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Batts, Peter, Middleliorough. Corporal, Capt. Benson's co.. Col. Cotton's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batts, Samuel, Plymouth. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlin's co.. Col. Tliomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; pa.v roll for Nov., 1776. 

Batts, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benjamin Beals's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; en- 
listed July 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 13, 1778; service, 4 mos. 24 days; company 
drafted to guard troops of convention and stores at Boston. 

Batts, Samuel. Private, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 

regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated York Huts ; enlisted March 30, 1781 ; en- . 
listment, 3 years. 

Batts, Stephen-, Adams. Lieutenant, Capt. Levi Brown's co., Col. Asa Barns's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from Oct. .30, 1781, to Nov. 7, 1781, 9 days; 
marched to join Gen. Stark at Saratoga on an alarm. 

Batts, Sylvester, Rochester. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theoph- 
ilus Cotton's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 1, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 8 days ; 
also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 



818 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Batts, Thaddfa's. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Beal's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted July 20, 1778; discharged Dec. 13, 1778; service, 4 mos. 24 days; com- 
pany drafted to guard troops of convention and stores at Boston. 

Batts, Thomas, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Benson's co., Col. Cotton's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batts, William, Freetown. Private. Capt. Joseph Durfee's co.. Col. Pope's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 7, 1776; discharged Dec. 23, 177G; service, 16 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Batti'kst, John. Boy, sloop "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; 
engaged June 25, 1776 [service not given] . 

Battust, Johx. Boy. brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; 
engaged Sept. 30, 1776 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1777, dated Boston ; aho. Seaman, 
brigantine " Tyrannicide ; " pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Feb. 17, 1777. 

Batty, John, Marblehead. Capt. Francis Symonds's co.. Col. John Glover's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 
[See Batte and Bath.] 

Batty, John. Seaman; list of men on the United States brig "Gen. Gates," com- 
manded by Capt. John Skimmer, entitled to prize shares [year not given] ; credited 
with l:i shares. 

B.vTTY, Thomas. Capt. M'illiam Todd's co., Col. Crafts's regt.; list of men who 
received bounty for 8 months service, from April 30, 1777, to Dec. .30, 1777. 

Baty, Nathaniel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Joshua Higgins's (3d Eastham) 11th co., 2d 
Barnstable Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 20, 1776. 

Baujean, Charles. Capt. Joseph Chadwick's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt. ; order for bountj- coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Nov. 
21, 1775. 

Baul, Noah, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Danielson's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bauldin, . Lieutenant, Col. Dike's regt.; list of officers [year not given]. 

Bauldin, Jacob, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. John Ford's (Volunteer) co.. Col. 
Jonathan Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 27, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1777; service, 
1 mo. 13 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Bauldino, . Private, Capt. Amos Foster's co., Col. Cyprian How's (7th Middle- 
sex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
8 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Batjlding, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Berkshire Co. regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 21, 1777; service, 2 mos.; enlistment, 3 
months; marched to Manchester, Vt., thence to Allington, thence to Stillwater by 
order of Gen. Lincoln ; joined Gen. John Ashley's regt., and marched to Bolton's 
Rills. 

Bal'ldwin, David. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 20 days; 
marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. ; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 21, 1777, to 
Oct. 21, 1777, 2 mos.; enlistment, 3 months; inarched to Manchester, Vt., thence 
to Allington, thence to Stillwater l)y order of Gen. Lincoln; joined Col. Ashley's 
regt., and marched to Bolton's Rills. 

Bauldwin, Fueijerick. Private, Capt. William Tucker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted July 12, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 21 days, 
including time to return home. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 819 

Bavldwin, Samuel. Private, Capt. Roswell Downing's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 

Baverstock, John, Needham. Private, Capt. Hopestill Hall's co., Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 30, 1776; service, 22 days. Roll dated Roxbury. 

Bavlwell, Ebenezer, Framingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Eames's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days. 

Bawdrav, Isaiah. Courier, Capt. John Prebble's co.. Col. John Allan's regt. ; enlisted 
June 1, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. in the Indian department 
at Machias. 

Bavtdwell, Johx, WJiately. Private, Lieut. Col. Milieu's co.. Col. Wesson's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Samuel Bartlett's co., Col. Wesson's regt. ; return of men in service on 
or before Aug. lii, 1777. 

Bawer, Wilhelm, Boston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 18 (also given 
June 14), 1778; Col. Hatch's regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, 
sandy ; residence, Boston ; reported a prisoner. 

Baavl, John, Bolton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army made by Col. 
Joseph North of the 2d Lincoln Co. regt., dated Gardnerstown, Feb. 2, 1778; 
joined Capt. Bailey's co. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baavl, Noah. Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; pay 
abstract for travel allowance from Rhode Island to Dartmouth, Sept. 1, 1777; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 27, 
1777 ; discharged Oct. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days ; marched on a secret expe- 
dition to Rhode Island. 

Baavldex, Exoch, Newton. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
pay abstract for gun and blanket money, dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777; also, re- 
turn of men in service from Dec. 19, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Baavldex, Zerubbabel, Western. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May .5, 1777; discharged July 6, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Baavldavix, David. Captain, Col. Reed's regt. ; return of officers for clothing in 177.5. 

Baavlavix, Sa.aiiel. Private, Capt. Adam Kasson's co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Clav- 
erack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Baav.aiax, Charles. Matross, Capt. Nathaniel Donnell's co., Col. John Crane's (3d Ar- 
tillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 2.5, 1778, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, return dated Greenwich, Nov. 10, 1779; also, Gunner; mus- 
ter roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war. 

Baavn", Ebexezer, Attleborough. Private, Capt. Jacob Ide's co., Col. Daggett's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 17 days. 

Baxtar, Malachi. Capt. Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 11, 1775. 

Baxte, Johx, Medfield. Captain ; list of men drafted to reinforce Continental Army, 
agreeable to a warrant issued Nov. 21, 1776, and attested by Capt. Sabin Mann. 

Baxter, . [This name also appears under the form of Backster, Backstor, Barter, 

Baxtar, Baxte, Baxtor, Boxter.] 



820 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baxteu, Alexander, Salem. Private, Capt. Thomas Barnes's (5th) co.. Col. Nixon's 
(■ith) reirt. ; return of men in service Sept. and Oct., 1776, dated North Castle; 
also, receipts for wages for Sept. -Dec, 1776; also, list of men mustered in Sutfulk 
Co. l)y Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777 ; Capt. 
Barnes's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Peter Clayes's co., Col. 
Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army i)ay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, (late) Capt. Ilolden's cu., Col. Nixon's regt.; 
pay abstracts for service for Jan. -July, 1780; also, descri])tive list of enlisted men 
dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781 ; Capt. Clayes's co., Lieut. Col. Smith's (6th) 
regt. ; age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; eyes, light ; 
residence, Salem; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777, by Maj. Barnes; enlistment, during war; 
reported enlisted from 1st Essex Co. regt. ; also, Capt. John K. Smith's (late Capt. 
Clayes's) 3d co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's regt.; return of men in service Jan., 
178i-Dec., 1782. 

Baxter, B.^rnabas. Capt. Lot Crowell's co., Col. Natlianiel Freeman's regt. ; pay roll 
for 3 days service in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Baxtkk, Bexjamix. List of prisoners sent from Newport, K. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich" and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Baxter, Benjamin. Private, Lieut. Caleb Crafts's co.. Col. Macintosh's regt.; pay roll 
for service from July 7 to July 18, 1778, 12 days, at Dorchester Heights. 

B.\xTEU, Benjamin. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt. ; pa.v roll for 3 days service in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Fal- 
mouth on an alarm. 

Baxter, Charles. Boy, ship "Mars," commanded by Capt. James Ne'vins; en- 
gaged April 2, 1781 ; discharged June 12, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Baxter, Cornelus, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. John E-ussell's co., Maj. Barachiah 
Bassett's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 22, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 22, 1776; service, 
3 mos., at Martha's Vineyard ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; 
joined Capt. Lamont's (also given Capt. James Davis's) co., Col. Bradford's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported mustered by Joseph Otis, Muster 
Master, Fel). 28, 1777 ; joined June 26, 1777 ; also, .'ith co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. John Lemont's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; pay roll for service 
from May 16 to May 27, 1777, 11 days; also, Capt. Haskell's co.. Col. Bradford's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 
16, 1780. 

Baxter, Cornelivs, Jr., Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; 
joined Cai)t. Lamont's (also given Capt. Davis's) co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; en- 
listment, 3 years or during war; reported mustered by Joseph Otis, Muster Mas- 
ter, May 19, 1777. 

Baxter, Daniel. Private, Capt. James Davis's co. ; enlisted July 1, 1775; rolls made 
up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 5 days, on the sea coast. Rolls sworn to in 
Barnstable Co. 

Baxter, Daniel, Braintree. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) co. ; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; discharged May 22, 1776; service, 4 mos. 21 days, at Braintree. 

Baxter, Daniel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Fisher's co., Maj. Job Cushing's regt.; 
marched Sept. 18, 1782; discharged Oct. 24, 1782; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at Hull. 
Roll sworn to at Dedham. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 821 

Baxter, David, New Ashford. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
Wood bridge's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177-t; enlisted May 25, 1775; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 23, 1775- 

Baxter, David. Corporal, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged March 5, 1777 ; service, 79 
days, at Ticonderoga ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; 
reported sick in camp ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Baxter, David, Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; residence, 
Yarmouth; joined Capt. John Russell's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war ; reported mustered by Joseph Otis, Muster Mas- 
ter, Feb. 20, 1777 ; joined April 6, 1777 ; also. Private, 6th co., Col. Bradford's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Russell's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; pay roll for 7-1 days rations from 
date of enlistment, Jan. 18, 1777, to March 21, 1777; marched from Boston to 
Bennington; also, Colonel's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 28, 1780. 

Baxter, David. Private, Capt. Tompson J. Skinner's co.. Col. Asa Barnes's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Nov. 1, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1781 ; service, 10 days ; 
marched to the western frontiers bj" order of Gen. Stark on an alarm. 

Baxter, David, Jr., New Ashford. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.,' Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 22, 
1777 ; service, 96 days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777 ; also, 
Capt. Amariah Babbit's co.. Col. Simonds's regt. ; pay roll for ser\ice from Aug. 
14 to Aug. 19, 1777, 6 days ; marched to Meloomscu.yck near Bennington ; also, 
Lieut. Joseph Farnara's co.. Col. Simonds's regt.; pay roll for service from Sept. 
5 to Sept. 30, 1777, 26 days ; marched from Lanesborough to Pawlet ; also. Drum- 
mer, Capt. Babbit's co., commanded by Lieut. Dudley Holdridge, Col. Simonds's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 3 days service on an alarm Oct. 21, 1780. 

Baxter, Eben. Private, Capt. Phineas Stearns's co. ; service, 5 days; marched from 
Watertown by order of Gen. Washington to reinforce the army at the taking of 
Dorchester Heights in March, 1776. 

Baxter, Eben. Private, Capt. John Russell's co. ; enlisted Aug. [illegible], 1776; 
rolls made up to Nov. 22, 1776 ; service at Martha's Vineyard. 

Baxter, Ebexezer. Capt. John Baxter's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; 
enlisted Jan. 1, 1777 [service not given]. 

Baxter, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. John Hinkley's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted Feb. 13, 1778; discharged May 13, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
under Maj. Gen. Heath, at Boston. 

Baxter, Ebexezer, Yarmouth. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continen- 
tal Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 18 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Yarmouth; arrived at 
Springfield July 19, 1780; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Clark ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of Yarmouth 
for service in the Continental Armj' during 1780; marched July 10, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 18, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 22 days. 

Baxter, Ebenezer, Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; resi- 
dence, Yarmouth ; joined Capt. Laniont's (also given Capt. Davis's) co.. Col. 
Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war ; reported mustered by Joseph 



822 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baxter, Ebenezer, continued. 

Otis. Muster Master, May 15, 1777 ; also. Private, 5th co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's 
(12th) re,i;t. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; reported joined June 26, 1777 ; a/so, Capt. John Lament's co.. Col. 
Bradford's rejjt. ; pay roll for service from May 16 to May 27, 1777, U days ; also, 
Capt. Haskell's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 17S0, to May 16, 1780. 

Baxter, Edward. Private, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 4, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; regiment raised in Middlesex and Suffolk counties to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Baxter, Edward Willard, Braintree (North Precinct) . Private, Capt. John Hall, 
Jr.'s (1st) CO., Col. Palmer's regt. ; company assembled March 4, 1776; service, 7 
days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Edmund Billings's co., Col. Jonathan Bass's 
regt. ; service, 2 days ; company assemljled June 13, 1776, to drive British ships 
from Boston harbor. 

Baxter, Edward "Willakd, Braintree. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) 
CO.; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 8 mos. 13 days; enlistment, 8 montlis; also, 
Capt. Turner's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; enlisted May 23, 1776 ; roll 
made up to Aug. 22, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 

Baxter, Elnathax, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Capt. Edmund Billings's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Bass's regt.; service, 3 days; company assembled June 13, 
1776, to drive British ships from Boston harbor. 

Baxter, Hezeki.\h. Seaman, ship " Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson; 
engaged June 6, 1780; discliarged March 12, 1781; service, 9 mos. 4 days; reported, 
sent home in a prize and retaken; also reported entitled to prize shares in brig 
'* Tryall " if captured. 

Baxter, Hooker. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; pay roll for 
15 days service on the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island, agreeable to resolve of 
May 8, 1781. 

Baxter, Jedediah, Eastham. Private, Capt. Solomon Higgins's (Eastham) co. ; en- 
listed July 10, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 6 daj's; also, Capt. 
Isaiah Higgins's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; pay roll for Nov., 1776. 

Baxter, John. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 5 mos. 25 days. Roll dated Barnstable. 

Baxter, John. Corporal, Capt. John Grannis's co. ; enlisted June 1, 1776; roll made 
up to Aug. 31, 1776; service, 3 mos., at J;iizabeth Islands; roll dated Tarpaulin 
Cove; also, Capt. Grannis's co., commanded by Lieut. James Blossom; enlisted 
Sept. 1, 1776; roll made up to Nov. 21, 1776; service, 2 mos. 21 days, at Eliza- 
beth Islands. 

Baxter, John. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged May 20, 1777; service, 25 days; 
ordered to Saratoga by Maj. Gen. Gates ; also, pay roll for service from July 8 to 
July 21, 1777, 14 days; ordered to Fort Edward by Maj. Gen. Schuyler; also, 
Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1777 ; discharged 
Aug. 15, 1777; service, 26 days; marched to Fort Edward, N. Y. 

Baxter, John, New Ashford. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's co.. Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
AVoodbridge's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 8 daj's; also, company return dated Sept. 28, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 23, 1775; also, Capt. Noah 
Allen's (late Soul's) co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Camp at 
Ticonderoga Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Dec. 4, 1775; also. Sergeant, Capt. Amariah 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 823 

Baxter, John, contimied. 

Babbit's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for ser- 
vice from Aug. 14 to Aug. 19, 1777, 6 days; marched to Meloomscuyck near 
Bennington ; also, pay roll for 5 days service ; marched to the Northward on the 
alarm of Oct. 14, 1780. 

Baxter, John. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated April 8, 1779; 
reported joined as a waiter to Gen. Gates. 

Baxter, Johx, Springfield. Return made by Assistant Commissary of Issues, dated 
Aug. 21, 1779; reported as scaleman in Springfield magazine. 

Baxter, John, Springfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army; 1st co., 1st regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, 
ruddy; hair, dark ; eyes, dark; occupation, hatter ; residence, Springtleld; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; mustered b.y Lieut. Col. Jonathan Hale; also, Private, Capt. 
Joseph Browning's co., Col. Seth Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 
16, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 2 days; enlistment, 3 months; 
company raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, order for 3 months wages 
dated Boston, July 2, 1782. 

Baxter, John, Sandisfield. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Sandis- 
field for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 2, 1780 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 19, 1780; service, o mos. 21 days; also. Corporal, Capt. Heman 
Smith's CO., Lieut. Col. Collar's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; service, 11 days; marched 
to Stillwater Oct. 14, 1781, on an alarm. 

Baxter, John, Medfield. Sergeant, Capt. Sabin Man's co.. Col. Greaton's regt., 
•which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, 2d Lieu- 
tenant, Capt. Man's (1st) co., 4th Suffolk Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned April 21, 1776; a/so, Lieutenant, Capt. Mann's (train band) 
CO.; return for equipments made up to June 10, 1776; age, 29 yrs.; reported 
enlisted into the army July, 1776 ; also, list of men who enlisted for service at 
Canada, agreeable to resolve of June 2i), 1776, dated Medfield, July 27, 1776; re- 
ported received from Capt. Mann ; also, list of men who enlisted to serve until 
Dec. 1, 1776, unless sooner discharged; raised from the Medfield militia, agreeable 
to resolves of June 2.'3, 1776, and July 11, 1776, to reinforce Continental Army in 
Canada; also. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; return dated Ticonderoga, Sept. 
11, 1776; reported in the train; also, returns dated Ticonderoga, Sept. 14-Nov. 2, 
1776; reported in the train by the General's orders; also. Captain, Maj. Job 
Cushing's regt. ; marched Sept. 25, 1782 ; discharged Oct. 24, 1782 ; service, 1 mo. 
2 days, at Hull. 

Baxter, John, Jr. Receipt for wages for service at West Point in the 6 months cam- 
" paign in 1780, dated Medfield, April 12, 1780. 

Baxter, Jona ( ? ). Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co., Col. Palmer's (1st) regt. ; 
company assembled March 4, 1776 ; service, 15 days, at Rhode Island. 

Baxter, Jonathan, Methuen. Capt. John Davis's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; return 
of men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775 ; also, receipt for advance pay dated 
Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also. Corporal ; companj- return dated Cambridge, Oct. 
5, 1775; enlisted Feb. 14, 1775. 

Baxter, Jonathan, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co.. Col. Titcomb's 
regt. ; roll made up for service from time of arrival at Providence, R. I., April 27, 
1777 ; discharged June 27, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 9 days. Roll dated Bristol. 

Baxter. Joseph, Medfield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chenery's co.. Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. 
Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return for equipments made up to June 10, 1776; 
age 42 yrs. ; also, list of men who received money for " turns done in last wars ia 
the days of Capt. Morse, the 1st, and Capt. Coolidge," dated Nov. 17. 1776. 



824: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baxter, Joseph. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co., Col. Palmer's regt. ; 
company assembled March 4, 1776; service, 15 days, at Rhode Island. 

Baxtek, Joseph, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Capt. Edmund Billings's co., 
Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; payroll for 5 days service ; conii)any asseml)led June 
13, 1776, to drive the British ships from Boston harbor. 

Baxtek, Joseph. Captain, 6th co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's (5th SuflFolk Co.) regt.; 
list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 17, 1777 ; also, Col. Mcintosh's 
regt., Gen. Lovel's brigade; enlisted Aug. 5, 1778; disdiarged Sept. 14, 1778; 
service, 1 mo. 13 days; marched to Rhode Island. Roll dated Braintree. 

Baxter, Joseph. Private, Capt. Adam Peters's co.. Col. Haws's regt.; enlisted Aug. 
24, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 20 days, at Rhode Island. 

Baxter, Lemuel, Barnstable (also given Yarmouth). Private, Capt. John Russell's 
CO., Maj.Barachiah Bassett's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1776; rolls jnade up to Nov. 
22, 1776; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at Martha's Vineyard; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable 
Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; residence, Yarmouth; joined Cajjt. Russell's co.. 
Col. Bradfonl's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported mustered by 
Joseph Otis, Muster Master, Feb. 15, 1777; also, Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. 
Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; roll made up for 74 days rations from date of enlist- 
ment, Jan. 18, 1777, to March 21, 1777; marched from Boston to Bennington; 
also, muster return [year not given] ; reported enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; joined April 
6, 1777; killed in battle Aug. 3, 1777. 

Baxter, Levi, Sandisfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. in 
1779, to serve in the Continental Army ; age, 17 j'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. ; complexion, 
dark; residence, Sandisfield; delivered to Lieut. Storey; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3^ in.; complexion, 
dark; hair, dark; occupation, laborer (also given farmer) ; birthplace. Weathers- 
field, Conn.; residence, Sandisfield; enlisted March 1 (also given April 1), 1782; 
joined Capt. Maynard's (also given Capt. Allen's) co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Jonathan Maynard's (6th) 
CO.; Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for May-Aug., 1782; also, muster 
rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1782 ; also, Capt. Nathaniel C. Allen's (8th) co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for Dec, 1782-April, 1783; also, Capt. Allen's co., 
4th regt. ; muster rolls for May, June and July, 1783. 

Baxter, Malachi, Barnstable (also given Yarmouth). Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's 
CO.; service, 2 days; marched toward Marshlield April 20, 1775; also, Capt. 
Edward Hammond's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 
1775; also, 3d Coriwral, Capt. John Russell's co., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 10, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 22, 1776; service, 3 mos. 12 days, 
at Martha's Vineyard ; also, Lieut. Jeremiah Manter's co. ; pay roll for service 
from Nov. 20, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 1 mo. 10 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 

Baxter, Moses, Rutland. Private, Capt. Thomas Eustis's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambi-idge; service, 12 days. 

Baxter, Moses. Private, Capt. David Bent's co.. Col. Job Cushin's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days, at the Northward. 

Baxter, Nathax, New Ashford. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, Capt. Marshall's co.. Col. Marshall's regt., Gen. 
Paterson's brigade ; pay roll for 6 months men raised l)y the town of New Ash- 
ford for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 3, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 3, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 825 

Baxtkr, Newton. Armorer, brifjantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Clouston ; engaged Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged March 10, 1778. 

Baxter, Newton. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship " Lord 
Sandwich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Baxter, Newton, Watertown. Private, Capt. Phineas Stearns's co.; service, 5 days; 
marched fi'oni Watertown by order of Gen. Washington to reinforce army at the 
talving of Dorchester Heights, in Marcli, 1776; also, receipt for l)ounty paid him 
l)y Jonathan Brown, Town Treasurer of Watertown, dated July 17, 1776; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Dana's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; arrived at camp 
May 9, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Edgell's CO., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, 6 mos. 3 
days; also, juuster roll for Jan. -Oct., 1778, dated Freetown ; enlistment to expire 
Jan. 1, 1779; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Frost's co., Col. Cyprian How's 
regt.; enlisted June 29, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 4 mos. 7 days, 
at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Baxter, Prince. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Seth Baker's (4th Yarmouth) 11th co., 1st 
Barnstable Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned March 10, 
1777 ; also, list of officers dated Sandwich, March 6, 1777. 

Baxter, Revben. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sandwich " and landed at Bristol March 7, 1778. 

Baxter, Recben. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's 
regt.; service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on 
an alarm. 

Baxter, Richard. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; marched toward Marshfield 
April 20, 1775; service, 2 daj-s. 

Baxter, Richard. Capt. David Noble's co. ; list of men who enlisted April 22, 1775, 
for the town of Pittstield ; service, 6 mos. ; marched to Cambridge. 

Baxter, Richard. Prizemaster ; list of prisoners sent from New York to Portsmouth, 
N. H., to be exchanged [year not given]. 

Baxter, Samuel, Yarmouth. Private, 6th co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Armj' pay accounts for service from Jan. 14, 1777, to Aug. 24, 1777; 
reported killed. 

Baxter, Seth, Braintree (North Parish). 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s co., 
Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 7 days; company reported to have also assembled April 29, 1775; also, 
1st Lieutenant, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) co. ; enlisted May 3, 1775; ser- 
vice, 8 mos. 18 days; enlistment, 8 months; also, Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s 
(1st) CO., Col. Palmer's regt.; companj' assembled March 4, 1776; service, 10 
days, at Rhode Island ; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Edmund Billings's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Bass's regt. ; pay roll for 5 days service ; company assembled June 13, 
1776, to drive British ships from Boston harbor. 

Baxter, Seth. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawen's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; 
enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged April 7, 1778; service, 13 days, with guards 
at Roxbury. 

Baxter, Seth. Captain ; list of prisoners to be received in exchange for British pris- 
oners sent to Halifax in the cartel "Swift" dated Oct. 9, 1777; exchanged for 
British prisoner Capt. John Aire ; reported confined in barracks at Halifax ; also. 
Captain of Marines, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged Feb. 17, 1779 [service not given] . 

Baxter, Simeon. Private, Capt. Joshua Gray's co. ; marched toward Marshfield April 
20, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 



826 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAH^ORS 



Baxter, Simon. List of jjrisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship 
" Lord Sand\vich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Baxter, Stevhen, Medfield. Fifer, Capt. Sabin Mann's (train band) co. ; return for 
equipments made up to June 10, 1776; as^e, 14 yrs. ; also, Private, Capt. Mann's 
CO., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; marched April 22, 1777 ; dischari;ed May 10, 1777 ; 
service, 20 days, at Rhode Island; also, Fifer; list of men drafted from Medfield 
militia to march to Providence, R. I., aj^reeable to warrant issued by Col. Hawes, 
Feb. 4, 1777 ; marched April 22, 1777 ; returned June 12, 1777. 

Baxter, T.\ylor. Private, Capt. Lot Crowell's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 3 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmoutli and Falmouth. 

Baxter, Thomas. Seaman, brigantine " Independence," commanded by Capt. Simeon 
Samson; engaged Aug. 23, 1776; roll made up to July 3, 1777; service, 10 mos. 
12 days ; also, muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 1776, dated Plymouth. 

Baxter, Thomas, Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstal)le Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; drafted 
to serve until Jan. 10, 1778. 

Baxter, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Nickerson's co., Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
service, 5 days, in Sept., 1778 ; marched to Dartmouth and Falmouth on an 
alarm. 

Baxter, Thomas, Yarmouth. Private, 5th co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. John Lamont's co., Col. Bradford's (12th) regt.; return of men in service 
on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated April 2, 1779; joined June 26, 1777; also, Capt. 
Haskell's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 16, 1780; enlistment, 3 years. 

Baxter, Thomas, Jr., Yarmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; 
joined Capt. Lamont's (also given Capt. Davis's) co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war; reported mustered by Joseph Otis, Muster Master, 
May 19, 1777. 

Baxter, Willard. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co., Col. Gill's regt.; pay roll 
for 1") days service on the 40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Baxter, William, Boston. Capt. Edward Crafts's co., Col. Richard Gridley's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, Matross ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 19, 1775; service, 10 weeks 4 days; 
also, company return dated French Lines, Oct. 12, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Nov. 6, 1775. 

Baxter, "William, Greenwich. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co.. Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775; service, 18 days; also, Capt. Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel 
Williams's regt.; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776; discharged March 18, 1777; service, 3 
mos. 14 days. Roll dated Morristown. 

Baxter, William. Private, Capt. Phineas Stearns's CO.; service, 5 days; marched 
from Watertown by order of Gen. Washington to reinforce army at the taking of 
Dorchester Heights in March, 1776; also, receipt for l)ounty paid him by Jonathan 
Brown, Town Treasurer of Watertown, dated July 17, 1776. 

Baxter, William. Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Olney's co.. Col. Jabcz 
Bowen's regt.; pay roll for service from May 20, 1777, to June 3, 1777, 15 days; 
company reported on duty at Pawtuxet in 5th division of Col. Bowen's regt. 
under Capt. Jonatlian Russell. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 827 



Baxter. William. Private, Capt. David Chadwick's Co.; pay roll for .j days service; 
marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Baxter, "William, Hadley. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Cook's co.. Col. 
Porter's regt.; atje, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; residence, Hadley ; enlistment, 
9 months from time of arrival at Fishkill, June 16, 1778 ; also, descriptive list of 
men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to 
resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; 
residence, Hadley ; arrived at Springfield July 6, 1780 ; marched to camp July 7, 
1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; nho, list of men raised for the fi months ser- 
vice and returned by Brig. Gen . Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by 
the town of Hadley for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched 
July 5, 1780; discharged Dec. 22, 1780; service, 5 mos. 23 days. 

Baxter, William, Andover (North District). Return of men raised agreeable to 
resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; enlisted Feb. 21, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Baxter, William. Private, Capt. John Armstrong's co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men dated Aug. 13, 1782. 

Baxton, James, Danvers. Private, Capt. Stephen Wilkins s co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home sworn to Jan. 15, 1777- 

Baxtor, Ebenezer. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th') regt.; 
pay roll for service from July 19, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780, 13 days. 

Baxtor, Edward Willard, Braintree. Private, Capt. Seth Turner's (Independent) 
CO. ; enlisted Feb. 13, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; company stationed at 
Braintree from Jan. 1, 1776, to May 22, 1776. 

Baxtor, Johx. Sergeant, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Sinions's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 1 mo., 
in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Baxtor, Jonathan. Corporal, Capt. John Davis's co., Col. Fry's regt., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted Feb. 14, 1775. 

Baxtor, Richard, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. David Noble's Co., Col. John Patison's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Cambridge ; service, 23 days. 

Bat, AVilliam. Cook; list of Capt. Gardner's crew dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778. 

Batldind, Levi, Putney. Private, Capt. Abijah Moore's co., which marched April 23, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 .• service, 7 days. 

Batle, Thomas, Manchester. Private, Capt. Peirce's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 8th 
(also given 9th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Jan. 9, 1780; reported deserted Jan. 9, 1780; also, list of deserters dated 
Jan. 25, 1781 ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, black ; 
occupation, seaman ; residence, Manchester; enlisted Sept. 2, 1779, at West Point; 
enlistment, during war ; deserted Feb. 5, 1780 ; reported a foreigner. 

Batles, Ebenezer. Capt. Daniel Pillsbnry's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; 
muster return [year not given] ; reported a transient. 

Batles, Elias. Private, Capt. Henry Tiebout's co., Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Batles, Frederick, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. Mitchel's 
(Bristol Co.) regt., commanded by Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. God- 
frey's brigade ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; ser- 
vice, 8 days. 



828 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batles, London, Dighton. Capt. Elijah Walker's co., Col. Edward Pope's (2d) regt. ; 
age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, black; hair, black; eyes, black; 
residence, Dighton ; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at Fishkill, June 

19, 1778; mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master. 

Batles, London. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war; 
also, muster rolls for Dec, 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Batles, Nicholas. List of men drafted Dec, 1776, for 3 mos. service under Capt. 
Dean. 

B.^YLEs, Nicholas. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) 
regt., under command of Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's 
brigade; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 
8 days. 

Batley, Auner, Newbury. Ensign, Capt. Thomas Noyes's co., which marched April 

20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 177"), to Cambridge ; service, 4 days ; 
also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Chase's (4th) co., Col. Daniel Spafford's 
(7th Essex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 26, 
1777. 

Bay'Ley, Abrajiam, Tewksbury. Sergeant, Capt. John Trull's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 10 days. 

Bayley, Amos. Private, Capt. Joseph Eaton's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 29 days, at the 
Northward. 

Bat£ey-, Andrew, Peterl)orough. Corporal, Capt. William Scott's co.. Col. Paul 
Dudley Sergent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 23, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 16 days. 

Bayley, Asa, Newbury. Private, Capt. William Rogers's co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, list 
of men drafted from Essex Co. militia to march to Horse Neck under Col. 
Cogswell [year not given] ; drafted to Capt. Ilsley's co. ; reported failed to join 
regiment. 

Bayley, Benjamin, Falmouth. Private, Capt. John Brackett's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Headquarters; ser- 
vice, 5 days. 

Batley, Benjamin, Bolton. Private, Capt. Wood's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batley, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Thomas Wellington's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Oct. 1, 
1776; reported, re-engaged to serve in Capt. Wellington's co.. Col. M'igglesworth's 
regt., Nov. 16, 1776, but to remain in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 1776. 

Batlet, Benjamin, Kennebunk. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army dated 
Newbury, Aug. 23, 1777; residence, Kennebunk; enlisted for town of Newbury; 
joined Capt. Bay/ey's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; enlistment, during war. 

Batlet, Calvin. Private, Capt. Peter Woodl)ury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's (also 
given Nathan Tyler's) regt. of guards; enlisted July 14, 1778; discharged Nov. 
9, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 27 days, at Cambridge. Roll dated Lancaster. 

Batley, Christopher. Mariner, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas 
Thomas; engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on 
expedition to Penobscot. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 829 

Bayley, Daniel, Medford. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, dated 
June 9, 1777, as returned l)y Lieut. Jonathan Porter; joined Capt. Bancroft's co., 
Col. Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Bayley, Daniel. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt.; pay abstract for rations from Aug. 1."), 1777, to Dec. 13, 1777, sworn to in 
Middlesex Co. 

Bayley, Daniel, Woolwich. Private, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 30, 177G ; discharged Nov. 1(5, 1770 ; service, 2 mos. ; roll dated New 
Castle; a^so, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Jonathan 
Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) regt., dated Ipswich, Feb. 17, 1778 ; residence, Wool- 
wich ; enlisted for town of Ipswich ; joined Ca])t. Baile.v's co., Col. Jackson's 
regt.; enlistme~it, 3 years; a/so, Colonel's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 21, 1780. 

Bayley, David, Tewksbury. Private, Lieut. Thomas Clark's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.'i ; service, 3 days ; reported enlisted 
into the army; also, Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Walker's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177ri; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 11 days; reported promoted to Corporal July 1, 1775. 

Bayley, David. Private, Capt. Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 
during war. 

Bayley, Dudley. Capt. John Davis's CO., Col. James Frye's regt. ; receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775. 

Bayi.ky, Ebenezer, Bolton. Private, Capt. Wood's co.. Col. Ward's regt.; company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bayley, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Luke Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Putnam's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 3, 1781; discharged Dec. 10, 1781; service, 
3 mos. 20 days, at West Point; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to join 
arm}' under Gen. Washington. 

Bayley, Edward, Freetown. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
regt. ; service, 15 days, subsequent to April 23, 1777 ; marched from Dighton to 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Bayley, Elijah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Wales's co., Lieut. Col. S. Williams's regt. ; 
enlisted Dec. 20, 1776; discharged March 20, 1777; service, 3 mos. 13 days. Roll 
dated Morristowu. 

Bayley, Elijah. Private, Capt. William Greenleaf's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 24, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 2 days. Roll 
dated Lancaster. 

Bayley, Eliphalet, Natick. Private, Capt. John Trotter's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(5th) regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison at West Point; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Jan. 28, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bayley, Enoch, New Salem. Bombardier, Capt. James Swan's (1st) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, 
3 mos. 

Bayley, Enoch. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 3d Essex Co. 
regt. dated Ipswich, Sept. 30, 1777; enlisted for town of Topsfield; joined Lieut. 
Brown's co.. Col. Lee's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; reported a transient. 

Bayley, Ephraim, Rutland. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported invalided ; also, Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return 
for clothing for 1777; also, return of men in service Aug. 15, 1777, dated Boston; 



830 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Baylky, Ei'HRAiM, continued. 

also, return dated Soldier's Fortune, Feb. 15, 1779; also, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's 
corps of invalids; muster roll for June-Sept., 1778, dated Boston; also, Capt. 
Moses McFarland's co. of invalids. Col. Lewis Nichola's ref,'t. ; muster roll for 
Oct., 1779; company stationed at Boston ; reported on furlough. 

Batley", Fry. Captain ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax 
to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bayley, Hvdsox, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt. dated Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. 
Skillen's co., Col. Francis's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. John Skil- 
lin's CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 98 days subsistence 
from date of enlistment, Dec. 13 [probably 1776] , to time of arrival at Bennington, 
dated Feb. 26, 1777. 

Bayley, Isaac. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carter's co.. Col. Job Cushing's (Worcester 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 14, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 18 
days. Roll dated Leominster. 

Bayley, James. Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Bayley, James. Capt. Caleb Kimball's co. ; receipt for wages for 4 mos. 20 days ser- 
vice at Winter Hill [year not given]. 

Bayley, James, New Rutland. Private, Capt. John Chadwick's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778 ; residence, New Rutland ; enlisted for 
town of Rutland ; mustered by Muster Master Chiles. 

Bayley, James, Woolwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Jonathan Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) regt., dated Ipswich, Feb. 17, 1778; resi- 
dence, Woolwich; enlisted for town of Ipswich; joined Capt. John Bailey's co., 
Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bayley, James, Woolwich. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Camp at New 
Windsor, Jan. 12, 1780; Capt. Thomas Seward's co., 3d Artillery regt.; age, 21 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, brown; rank, Sergeant; residence, Wool- 
wich; re-enlisted Nov. 28, 1779 (also given Jan. 1, 1780), by Lieut. Price; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Bayley, James. Private, Capt. William Mills's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for July-Sept., 1781 ; enlisted March 27, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Bayley, Joel, Hollis. Capt. Archelaus Towne's co.. Col. Bridge's regt.; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, July 6, 1775; also, Private; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Bayley, John. Lieutenant Colonel, Gen. Thomas's regt. ; list of officers ; commis- 
sioned May 19, 1775 ; also, Adjutant, Gen. Thomas's regt. ; list of officers returned 
June 24, 1775 ; reported not yet commissioned ; also. Colonel, Maj. Gen. Thomas's 
division; list of field officers of the Continental Army in 1770. 

Bay'ley, John. Cai)tain, Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777 ; roll made 
up to May 26, 1777 ; service, 5 mos. 6 daj's. 

Bayley, Joiix. Private, Caj)t. John Bayley's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; en- 
listed March 10, 1777 ; roll made up to May 26, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 22 days. 

Bayley, John. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days in Northern department ; reported died Nov. 
, 28, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 831 

Batlet, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Kimball's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 13, 1777; receipt for 4 mos. 20 days wages for service at 
Winter Hill ; company detached to guard Gen. Burgoyne's army; a^so, pay roll 
for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos. 2 days, at Winter Hill. 

Batlet, John, Newbury. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. in 1779, to 
serve in the Continental Army ; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in. ; complexion, 
light ; residence, Newbury ; delivered to Col. Cross (also given Lieut. R. Lilley) ; 
enlistment, 9 months; also, Muster Master's receipt dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; 
return made by John Cushing, Muster Master for Essex Co. 

Batley, John. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's (Light Infantry) co. ; enlisted Aug. 
28, 1779; discharged Jan. 31, 1780; service, 5 mos. 6 days; company raised to 
join Col. John Jacobs's regt., but formed into a separate corps to serve until April 
1, 1780, unless sooner discharged. 

Batley, John, Manchester. Private, Capt. Hatfield White's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
4th (also given 5th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 
5, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778. 

Bayley, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Ilsley's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
28, 1776; discharged Nov. 16, 1776; service, 2 mos. 2 days. Roll dated New 
Castle. 

Batley, John, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. 
Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. 
Skillen's co., Col. Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. 
Clark's CO., Col. Benjamin Tupper's (late Francis's) 15th regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. John 
Skillin's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 98 days rations 
from date of enlistment, Dec. 13 [probably 1776] , to time of arrival at Benning- 
ton, dated Feb. 26, 1777; also, Capt. Samuel Thomas's co.. Col. Tupper's regt.; 
muster return dated Jan. 26, 1778 ; mustered by Col. Yarrick ; also. Colonel's 
CO., Col. Tupper's regt. ; muster roll dated West Point, April 5, 1779 ; reported sick 
in Massachusetts. 

Baylet, Joseph. Capt. Moses Whiting's co., Col. John Greaton's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1775. 

Batley, Joseph, Lancaster. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777 ; Capt. Foster's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt.; also. Private, Capt. Samuel Foster's co.. Col. Greaton's (2d) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
muster roll for Dec, 1777, dated Albany; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; enlistment, dur- 
ing war; also, Lieut. James Tisdale's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; muster rolls for 
June, July and Aug., 1778, dated White Plains ; reported under guard iu Aug., 
1778; also, Capt. Tisdale's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; muster roll for March, 1779, 
dated Cortlandt Manor; reported transferred to Col. Greaton's co. 

Batley, Joseph. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. David Osgood's (7th) co.. Col. Whitney's (2d 
Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 12, 1780. 

Baylet, Joseph. Private, Capt. Joshua Fisk's co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; enlisted 
July 28, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 6 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Natick. 

Bayley, Joshua, Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Brigham's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 16 days. 

Bayley, Joshua. Private, Capt. John Noyes's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, in 
Northern department. 



832 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bayley, JosHiA, Marll)orough. Pay roll for 6 months men raised bj- the town of 
Marll)orongh for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 9, 
1780; discharged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 5 mos. 16 days. 

Bayley, Joshua, Jr., Woolwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Ami}' from 
Col. Jonathan Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) regt., dated Ipswich, FeVi. 17, 1778; 
residence, M'oolwich ; enlisted for town of Ipswich ; joined Capt. John Bailey's 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt.; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also, Corporal, Colonel's co., Col. 
Michael Jackson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Feb. 14, 1780. 

Bayley, Josiak, AVoolwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Jonathan Cogswell's (3d Essex Co.) regt., dated Ipswich, Feb. 17, 1778; 
residence, Woolwich ; enlisted for town of Ipswich ; joined Capt. John Bailey's 
CO., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bayley, Josiah. Corporal, Capt. Peter Warren's co.. Col. Jonathan Mitchel's regt.; 
company detached on expedition against Penobscot July 7, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 
25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days. Roll dated Falmouth. 

Bayley, Lewis. Private, Capt. Samuel Merrill's co., Maj. Gage's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
30, 1777; discharged Nov. 6, 1777; service, 1 mo. 9 days; company raised to 
reinforce Northern army. Roll dated Haverhill. 

Bayley, Matthew. Private, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged May 28, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, 
under Maj. Gen. Heath, at Boston ; also, Capt. Elias Parkman's co. ; pay roll for 
service from July 2 to July 17, 1778, 15 days ; company drafted to serve as guards. 

Bayley, Matthew. Seaman, Ijrigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded In- Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged June 30, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos. 8 days. 

Bayley, Matthew, Boston. Landsman, brig "Prospect," commanded by Capt. 
James Yesey ; descriptive list of officers and crew dateil June 20, 1781 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, liglit; occupation, tailor; residence, Boston. 

Bayley', Nathan. Private, Ca])t. Joseph Eaton's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Oct. 3, 1777; service, 1 mo. 18 days, on expe- 
dition to the Northward. 

Bayley, Nathaniel, Townsend. Drummer, Capt. James Hosley's co.. Col. William 
Prescott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
discharged May 4, 1775 ; service, 18 days. 

Bayley, Nathaniel, Gardnerstown. Private, Capt. Oliver Colltorn's co. of minute- 
men, Col. Arnold's regt. ; enlisted July 25, 1775; service, 20 days. 

Bayley, Nathaniel. List of men appointed on a committee for Suffolk Co. to raise 
men for New York and Canada [j-ear not given] . 

Bayley, Noah, Natick (also given Sudlmr.v and Stow). Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's 
CO., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt., which marched on the alarm of \\n-\\ 19, 1775; 
service, 5 days; also, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 30, 1775; also, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Moulton's (also given Capt. Monroe's) 
CO., Col. l-'iZekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Morse's co., 
Col. Putnam's regt.; enlistment, 3 .years; also, Capt. Morse's co.. Col. Rufus 
Putnam's regt. ; Continent^il Army pay accounts for service from June 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; residence, Sudbury; credited to town of Stow; also, Capt. John 
Trotter's co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison 
at West Point; enlistment, during war; a^so, muster roll for Feb. and March, 
1781 ; reported on command with infantry; also, muster roll for April, 1781. dated 
West Point; reported on command with infantry. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 833 

Batlet, Philip, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel Johnson's co., Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home dated March 7, 1777. 

Batley, Richard, Haverhill. Sergeant, Capt. John Peabody's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., sworn to Nov. 29, 1776. 

Bayley, lliCHARD, Jr., Haverhill. Private, Capt. Richard Ayer's co., Col. Johnson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Bayley, Robert. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Merrill's co., Col. Edmund Phinny's (31st) 
regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment. May 15, 1775, to date of marching to 
headquarters, July 5, 1775, equivalent to 51 days; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Bayley, Samuel, Tewlvsburj-. Private, Lieut. Thomas Clark's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; reported enlisted 
into the army; also, Capt. Walker's co.. Col. Bridge's (27th) regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bayley, Samuel, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt. ; marched to take possession of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776 ; service, 
4 days ; also, pay roll for 8 days service subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

Bayley, Samuel. 1st Sergeant, Capt. Solomon Stuart's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 21 to Aug. 25, 1777, 5 days, on an alarm at 
Bennington. 

Bayley', Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment 
of guards ; enlisted March 9, 1778 ; discharged June 9, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
under Maj. Gen. Heath at Boston and Dorchester. 

Bayley, Samuel. Private, Capt. Isaac Hodges's co.. Col. Hathaway's regt.; enlisted 
March 28, 1779 ; discharged April 17, 1779 ; service, 21 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bayley, Samuel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Edward Newton's (7th) co., Col. J. Whitney's 
(2d Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 12, 
1780. 

Bayley, Samuel, Boston. Drummer, Capt. Jonathan Stoddard's co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to July 8, 1777, 
2 mos.; also. Col. Sherburne's regt. ; Continental Army pa.y accounts for service 
from Aug. 22, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; residence, Boston; credited to town of 
Rowley; also, Capt. Joshua Trafton's co., Col. Sherburne's regt.; muster roll 
dated Camp at Middletown, Aug. 21, 1778; reported sick and aljsent; also, Capt. 
Benjamin Burton's co.. Col. Sherburne's regt.; return dated Boston, June 15, 
1779; also, Capt. North's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; muster roll dated 
Camp near Morristown, May 6, 1780; enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; transferred from 
Col. Henry Sherburne's regt. by order of Gen. Washington May 2, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to Aug. 22, 1780. 

Bayley, Samuel. Petition dated Castle Island, May 7, 1781, signed by said Bayley in 
behalf of the company raised for defence of Castle and Governor's Islands, stating 
that they had enlisted for 3 years, and having received no bounty asked that their 
poll tax be removed; non-concurred May 8, 1781; endorsed "Capt. Hurd and 
Maj. Perley ; " also. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay rolls for service 
from Oct. 25, 1783, to April 24, 1785, 18 mos., at Castle and Governor's Islands; 
also, warrant to pay officers and men for service at the Castle from Jan. 25, 1786, 
to April 25, 1786 ; also, warrants to pay officers and men for service at the Castle 
from July 25, 1786, to Jan. 25, 1787. 

Bayley, Samuel. Maj. Thomas Thomas's (Artillery) co. ; warrant to pay officers and 
men for service on expedition to Rhode Island in 1778. 



834 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batley, Samvel. Surgeon's Mate, sloop " Pro>idence," commanded by Capt. J. P. 
Rathburn; list of men entitled to prize shares in the schooner " Loyalty," etc. 
[year not given] . 

Batlet, Samuel, Jr., Rowley. Pi-ivate, Capt. Edward Payson's co., which nmrched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Batlet, Shubael, Leominster. Private, Capt. Joseph Sargent's co. ; enlisted May 5, 
1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7^ days ; company detached from Col. Josiah Whitney's and 
Col. Stearns's regts. ; marched to Rhode Island under Gen. Spencer ; roll sworn to 
at Boston ; also, Capt. Tisdalc's (late Foster's) co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; 
musterrollfor July, 1778, dated White Plains; enlisted June 16,1778; enlistment, 
9 months; also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated Coi-tlandt Manor; reported 
discharged March 17, 1779 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Wilder's 
CO., Col. Rand's regt.; age, 21yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; occu- 
pation, farmer; residence, Leominster ; enlisted June 15, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 .vears. 

Batlet, Silas. 1st Major, Col. Josiah Whitney's (2d Worcester Co.) regt.; list of 
field officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Feb. 13 (also given Feb. 2) , 1776 ; 
also, Lieutenant Colonel, 2d Worcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned Oct. 12, 1778. 

Batlet, Stephen, Fitchburg. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Bridge's co.. Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
returned home April 25, 1775; service, 6 days; also, Capt. John Fuller's co.. Col. 
Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; receipt for wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 
14, 1775. 

Batley, Stephen, Leominster. Private, Capt. John Joslin's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
(Worcester Co.) regt. ; pay roll for 1 mo. 7 days service ; marched from Leominster 
the last of July, 1777, to join Col. Seth Warner at Bennington. 

Batley, Thomas. Corporal, Lieut. Col. Jaliez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with 
detachment commanded by Maj. Andrew Sj'mmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Council 
of May 12, 1777. 

Batlet, Thomas. Boy, sloop " Providence ; " list of men entitled to prize shares in 
the " Loyalty " and " Wreck " [year not given] . 

Batlet, Thomas, Jr. 2d Lieutenant, Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Thomas Seward's co.. Col. Crane's regt.; muster rolls for Sept., Nov. and Dec, 
1777; also, certificate of service signed by Lieut. Col. John Popkin, certifying 
said Bayley to have been in camp on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Boston, 
Feb. 25, 1779. 

Batlet, Timotht. Certificate of service dated Woburn, March 29, 1784, signed by 
Capt. Samuel Tay, cei'tifying that said Bayley served for 3 mos. in 1781 in his 
company with Col. Webb's regt. ; name given on roll l)y mistake as Timothy 
Bagley. 

Batlet, William. Private, Capt. Stephen Kent's co. ; enlisted July 17, 1775; rolls 
made up to Dec. 9, 1775; service, 5 mos. 3 days, at Newbury; also, order for 
•wages dated Gloucester, Dec. 10, 1775 ; company raised for defence of sea coast 
in Essex Co. 

Batlet, William, Falmouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Peter Noyes's (1st Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 20, 1778; joined Capt. 
Skillen's co.. Col. Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. John Skil- 
lin's CO., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt.; pay abstract for 84 days rations from 



TS THE WAR OF THE KEVOLUTIOX. 835 

Baylet, "\Villia3i, continued. 

date of enlistment, Dec. 27 [probably 1776], to time of arrival at Bennington, 
dated Feb. 26, 1777; also, Private, Capt. Samuel Thomas's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Tapper's regt. ; muster return dated Jan. 26, 1778 ; mustered by Col. Varrick. 

Batlet, William. Boy, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged July 15, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days. 

Batlet, Woodbridge. Private, Capt. John Bodwell's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards ; pay roll for service between April 2, 1778, and July 2, 1778, 2 mos. 17 
days, at Cambridge. 

Batlies, . [This name also appears under the form of Bailes, Bailey, Bailies, 

Bailis, BailisSj-Baless, Baleys, Balies, Balis, Bailes, Ballis, Balliss, Balys, Bayles, 
Bajiey, Baylis, Bayliss, Baylos, Blalis.] 

Baylies, Frederick, Taunton. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.,Col. George Wil- 
liams's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; marched to Warren, R. I., via Rehoboth on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 11 days ; also, list of men who went with Capt. Edward 
Blake on a secret expedition in Sept., 1777, to serve 1 mo. 

Batlies, Gustavus. Private, Capt. Joseph Sibley's co., Col. Danfortli Keyes's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 28, 1777 ; roll dated Providence, Dec. 22, 1777 ; enlistment, 6 months 
from Jul}- 1, 1777 ; also, pay roll for Aug. and Sept., 1777, dated North Kingston ; 
also, return of men in service at North Kingston Dec. 8, 1777, dated Sturbridge, 
Aug. 31, 1783. 

Batlies, GvsTAvrs. Corporal, Capt. Caleb Whiting's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's 
regt.; enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Baylies, Hodijah, Taunton. Lieutenant. Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1777; reported re- 
signed Nov. 1, 1777; appointed aide-de-camp to Gen. Lincoln; also, Lieut. Ho- 
dijah Baylies' co. of grenadiers. Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for Feb., 1778, 
dated Guelph, Pa. ; also, pay roll for June, 1778, dated Providence; also. Major, 
serving as aide-de-camp to Gen. Lincoln ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Dec. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, during war. 

Baylies, London, Taunton (also given Easton and Dighton). Private, Capt. Edward 
Blake's co.. Col. George Williams's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; discharged Oct. 
29, 1777, by Gen. Spencer ; serA-ice, 32 days ; marched from Taunton on a secret 
expedition to Rhode Island. 

Baylies, Thomas. Private, Capt. Elijah Walker's (7th) co., Col. John Hathaway's 
(Bristol Co.) regt. ; Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on 
the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; service, 7 days. 

Baylies, William. Drummer, Capt. Elijah AValker's (7th) co.. Col. John Hathaway's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.. Brig. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on 
the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780 ; service, 7 days. 

Baylis, Edward. Corporal, Capt. Seth Talbot's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt.; 
enlisted March 15, 1779; discharged April 15, 1779; service, 30 days, at Fall 
River and Little Compton, R.I. 

Baylis, Edavard, Manford ( ?). Private, Major's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780; reported de- 
serted Aug. 1, 1780. 

Batlis, London, Taunton. Descriptive list of enlisted men [year not given] ; Capt. 
Joseph Bates's (also given Capt. Hastings's) co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; age, 27 (also given 21) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion. l)lack; hair, 
black ; occupation, blacksmith ; birthplace, Taunton ; residence, Dighton (also 



836 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Batlis, London, continued, 

given Taunton) ; enlistment, during war ; also, Private, Colonel's co.. Col. 
Gamaliel Bradford's (14th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll for Oct.-Dec, 1780, dated 
Hutts near AVest Point; also, Capt. Bates's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; list of men 
court-martialed; tried Oct. 5, 1781, by regimental court-martial, Capt. Lincoln, 
President ; charged with stealing a fowl and cabbage or allowing it to be done 
when on guard ; reported acquitted. 

Batlis, Thomas, Dighton. Sergeant, Capt. Elijah Walker's co.. Col. Pope's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; marched to Rhode Island on tlie alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 18 
days. 

Batlis, William, Pownalborough. Sergeant, Lieut. William Price's co., 3d Artillery 
regt. ; muster roll for May and June, 1782 ; enlistment, during war. 

Batliss, William, Kennebeck (also given Pownalborough). List of men mustered 
in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1777 ; 
Col. Ebenezer Stevens's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Bombardier, Capt. 
Stephen Buckland's co., Col. John Crane's (3d Artillery) regt. ; Continental Arm}' 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Sergeant; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
return of men in service before Aug. 1, 1777 ; dated Park of Artillery near Morris- 
town, Jan. 28, 1780 ; also, Capt. Samuel Shaw's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; muster 
roll for Feb. and March, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster roll for April, 1781, 
dated North Redoubt. 

Batlos, London. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster rolls for Jan. -March, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during 
war; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts. 

Batlt, Benjamin, Lunenburg. Private, Capt. Josiah Stearns's co., Col. Ephraira 
Doolittle's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 19, 1775; service, 
12 days. 

Batlt, Daniel, Pownalborough. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Stearns's co.. Col. Ephraim 
Doolittle's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 21, 1775; service, 

2 mos. 15 days. 

Baylt, James, Hutchinson (Barre). Private, Capt. John Black's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 

3 mos. 4 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Batlt, Josiah, Woolwich. Private, Capt. McCobb's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Batlt, Samuel. Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men for 
service at the Castle from Oct. 25, 1784, to Jan. 24, 1785. 

Batlt, Thomas. Cook, ship "Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Thomas; 
engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition 
to Penobscot. 

Batlt, Thomas. Private, Capt. William Clark's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
marched from Windsor by order of Gen. Fellows Oct. 21 1780, on an alarm ; ser- 
vice, 2 days. 

Batsi, . Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester Co.) 

regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 11 days; 
enlistment, 3 montlis. 

Batman, Charles, Rhode Island. Quartermaster; descriiHive list of officers and 
crew of the ship "Deane" (privateer), commanded by Capt. Elislia Ilinman, 
dated Boston, Nov., 1780; age, 32 yrs. ; complexion, light; occupation, seaman; 
residence, Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 837 

Bayonet, Daniel. Private, Capt. John Russell's cc, Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; 
pay abstract for 46 days rations from date of enlistment, Feb. 1'), 1777, to March 
21, 1777; marched from Boston to Bennington. 

Batontox, Samuel. Seaman, schooner "Active," commanded by Capt. Andrew 
Gardner; muster roll dated Boston, Oct. 6, 1778. 

Bayrigs, John, Montague. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
b}^ Brig. Gen. Paterson as Iiaving passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. [See John Bangs.] 

Bayrx, Stephen. Boy, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clouston 
[year not given] . 

Bayktox, David. List of prisoners discharged from prison ships at Rhode Island and 
sent to Boston in schooner " Speedwell " by Josiah Godfrey, Aug. 6, 1777. 

Bazzel, Joseph. Seaman ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Hali- 
fax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Bdeunah, Moses. Capt. Gideon Burt's co., Col. Timothy Danielson's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Be — , James, New Braintree. Private, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co.. Col. Josiah 
"Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May 5, 1777 ; discharged July 6, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 
7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beabe, Daniel, Taunton. Private, Capt. Daniel Merrill's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's 
regt. ; muster return [year not given] ; mustered by Muster Master Lenord at 
Taunton ; reported furloughed. 

Beabe, Eliphalet, Easton. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, 
Muster Master, as returned between March 5 and March 22, 1777 ; Capt. Ephraim 
Burr's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; age, 28 yrs.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beace, Axdrew, Halifax. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Jesse Sturtevant's co., Plymouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; enlisted March, 
1777; joined Capt. Titcomb's co. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beach, . [This name also appears under the form of Beech.] 

Beach, Aarox. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1777 ; service, 31 days ; inarched 
to Stillwater. 

Beach, Gershom. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
marched from Lanesborough to Manchester Oct. 12, 1780 ; service, 8 days. 

Beach, Ira. Fifer, Capt. John King's co.. Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
enlisted July 15, 1776; discharged Aug. 4, 1776; service, 20 days; marched by 
order of Brig. Gen. Fellows. 

Beach, John, "blaster, ship " Vengeance," commanded by Capt. Thomas Thomas; 
engaged June 27, 1779; discharged Aug. 27, 1779; service, 2 mos., on expedition 
to Penobscot; also, petition dated Boston, Dec. 28, 1780, signed by William and 
John Shattuck, asking that said Beach be appointed as commander of the ship 
" Gloucester Packet" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Dec. 29, 1780, that a com- 
mission be issued ; also, petition dated Boston, Jan. 21, 1782, signed by said Beach 
and others, asking that he be commissioned commander of the ship " Harriet" 
(privateer) ; ordered in Council, Jan. 21, 1782, that a commission be issued. 

Beach, Jotham, New Ashford. Capt. Asa Barns's co., Col. Benjamin Rnggles Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 30, 1775 ; also, 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 2 mos. 



838 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beach, Jotham, continued. 

8 days ; also, company return dated Sept. 28, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 23, 1775; also. Corporal, Capt. Stephen 
Smith's CO., Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Jul}- 1, 1780; 
discharged July 31, 1780; service, l,mo., in Northern department. Roll dated 
Hancock. 

Beach, Samuel, West Springfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, 
sworn to April 14, 1779; joined Capt. Samuel Flower's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(2d) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported mustered by Col. Wood- 
bridge ; also, Private, Capt. Flower's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from May 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll 
dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777 ; reported mustered at Van Schaick's 
Island Sept., 1777; also, muster rolls dated Albany, Nov. 10, 1777-June 15, 1778; 
reported on furlough Jan. 2, 1778 ; deserted Feb. 4, 1778 ; also, muster rolls dated 
White Plains, July 20, 1778-Sept. 1, 1778; also, muster roll dated Fredericksburg, 
Oct. 4, 1778; also, muster roll dated Camp Roxburj', Nov. 7, 1778; also, muster 
rolls dated Continental Village, Dec. 18, 1778-Feb. 4, 1779 ; also, muster roll dated 
Croton, March 9, 1779; also, muster roll dated Croton Bridge, April 7, 1779; also, 
muster roll dated Crompond(?), May 1, 1779; also, muster roll dated Camp 
Highlands, June 12, 1779; enlisted May 14, 1777; reported transferred to light 
infantry; also, Capt. Flower's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; Continental Arnn' pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 14, 1780 ; reported discharged ; also, 
Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted June 8, 1781 ; discharged Sept. 8, 1781 ; ser- 
vice, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beach, Silas. Sergeant, Lieut. Samuel AVarner's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Aug. 24, 1777; service, 10 days; 
marched to Bennington at the time of the fight. 

Beach, Thomas, West Springfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army, 
sworn to April 14, 1779; joined Capt. Samuel Flower's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war ; reported mustered by Col. Woodbridge ; 
a/so. Private, Capt. Flower's co.. Col. Greaton's (2d) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from May 14, 1777, to Sept. 4, 1777; also, muster roll 
dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777; reported mustered at Van Schaick's 
Island, Sept., 1777; also reported sick in hospital; also, muster roll dated Albany, 
Nov. 10, 1777; enlisted May 14, 1777; reported died Sept. 4, 1777. 

Beacham, . [This name also appears under the form of Bicham.] 

Beacha.-\[, Samuel. 1st Mate, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet ; engaged Jan. 22, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 10 davs ; reported drowned April 
1, 1779. 

Beachmax, Pomp. Capt. Joseph Pettengill's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Sewall's Point, Nov. 
19, 1775. 

Beack (orBEAKE), Thomas. Capt. Turner's co., 14th regt.; enlisted July 12, 1779; 
discharged April 12, 1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Beackley, Christopher. Captain-Lieutenant, Capt. Jesse Roe's co., Brig. Gen. 
Henry Knox's Artillery artificers; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1777; reported 
preferred Dec. 3, 1777; also, Cajjtain, Col. Benjamin Flower's corps of Artillery 
artificers. Brig. Gen. Knox's brigade ; muster roll for April, 1778 ; reported absent 
by leave. 

Beackley, Daniel. Private, Capt. Jesse Roe's co.. Brig. Gen. Henry Knox's Artillery 
artificers; muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1777; also, Capt. Christopher Beack- 
ley's CO., Col. Benjamin Flower's corps of Artillery artificers. Brig. Gen. Knox's 
brigade; muster roll for April, 1778. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 839 

liEACKMAX, Pojip, Woburn. Private, Capt. Pettingill's co., Col. Baldwin's (late Ger- 
rish's) regt. ; company return dated Sewall's Point, Sept. 27, 1775. 

Beacon, Elijah, Jr., Natick. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co., Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Beacox, Reuben, Bedford. Capt. Walker's co., Col. Bridge's (27th) regt.; company 
return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported deceased [probably at Bunker Hill]. 

Beacon, William, Sheffield. Captain, Col. John Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 day. 

Beadel, Roger. Receipt for Ijounty paid him by Edward Rand of Class No. 18 of the 
town of Newbiu-yport to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Boston, May 13, 1782. 

Beaden, Richard. Private ; list of men given in a memorandum of orders accepted 
on account of wages ; order for 8 months wages dated Dec. 25, 1783. 

Beadford, Edward. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Essex Co. 
[year not given] ; enlisted for town of Ipswich ; reported a transient. 

Beadle, . [This name also appears under the form of Beadel, Beddle, Bedel, 

Bedle, Beedle.] 

Beadle, John, York. List of men mustered in York Co. by Joseph Bragdon, Jr., 
Muster Master, dated Feb. 20, 1777 ; Capt. Nicholas Blasdell's co.. Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; reported received State bounty. 

Beadsworth, — . [This name also appears under the form of Bealsworth] . 

Beadsworth, John, Boston. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Henry Jackson's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 11, 1778, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; credited to town of Ips^^^ch ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Capt. Ezra Lutz's 
(Lunt's) CO., Col. David Henley's regt. ; payroll for May, 1778, dated Providence; 
also, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co., Col. Jackson's regt.; muster roll for April, 
1779, dated Pawtuxet; enlisted Feb. 11, 1778; enlistment, during war; reported 
on command at Easton, Pennsylvania ; also, muster roll dated Camp Providence, 
July 13, 1779; also, 2d co., Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for July, 1779; also, 
Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; pay roll for Oct., 1779; also, return 
dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779. 

Beagam, John. Order for 5 months wages as Private, dated Oct. 23, 1783. 

Beagle, John. Matross, Capt. Donnell's co., Col. John Crane's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 9, 1778, to Aug. 6, 1778; reported 
deserted. 

Beaird, Asa. Capt. Thomas Williams's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Nov. 4, 
1775. 

Beakler, Daniel. Private, Capt. Francis Green's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beal, . [This name also appears under the form of Bael, Bail, Bale, Beale, Beales, 

Beall, Bealls, Beals, Beeals, Beebe, Beel, Beele. Beelee, Beeles, Beell, Beels, Bels, 
Bields.] 

Beal, Aaron, Marblehead. Seaman, brigantine "Dispatch," commanded by Capt. 
Daniel Jacobs; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 26, 1780; age, 22 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Marblehead. 



840 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beal, Abel, Hingham or Cohasset. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's co.. Col. Solomon 
Lovel's regt. ; company assembled at Hull Dec. 14, 1776; service, 4 daj's; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., Col. David Cushing's regt.; pay roll for 3 
days service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Beal, Ahijaii, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt.; marclied to take possession of Dorchester HeigJits March 4, 1776; service, 

4 days ; also, pay roll for 4 daj^s service subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

Beal, Adam, Chesterfield. Private, Capt. Robert Webster's co., Gen. Pomroy's regt., 
which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
6 days; reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Webster's co., Col. Fellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 
days; also, compan}' return dated Dorchester, Oct. 8, 1775; reported went to 
Quebec Sept. 9, 1775. 

Beal, Andrew, Cohasset. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Obadiah Beals's co., dated Feb. 16, 1778 ; joined Capt. Brown's co., Col. Jackson's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beal, Azariah, Weymouth (also given Bridgewater). Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's 
(Independent) co. ; enlisted June 19, 1775 ; service, 6 mos. 15 days ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Weymouth, Dec. 30, 1775; also, 
Capt. Thomas Nash's CO., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; marched to take posses- 
sion of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776; service, 4 days; also, pay roll for 8 
days service subsequent to March 10, 1776 ; also, Capt. Joseph Trufant's co., Col. 
Josiah Whitney's regt. ; service from Dec. 1, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 1 mo., at Hull ; 
also, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. David Cushing's regt. ; pay roll for 3 days 
service in Aug., 1777, at Hull. 

Beal, Azariah. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted July 25, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 9, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Beal, Azariah. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Ishvnd on the alarm of July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 11 days. 

Beal, Benjamin, Abington. Private, Capt. William Reed's co., Gen. Thomas's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 

5 days. 

Beal, Benjamin, Hingliam. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's co., Col. Benjamin Lin- 
coln's regt., which marched on the alarm of Api-il 19, 1775 ; service, 13 days ; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Loring's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 3 inos. 12 days ; reported promoted to 
Ensign June 22, 1775 ; also, Ensign, Capt. Charles Cushing's co.. Col. Heath's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775 ; also, Capt. 
Cushing's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Beal, Benjamin, Abington. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Edward Cobb's CO., Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt. ; marched to "The Farms" in Braintree March 4, 1776; service, 
5 days; also, Capt. Cobb's (8th) co., 3d Plymouth Co. regt.; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned March 23, 1776; also, Capt. Calvin Partridge's co., 
Col. John Cushing, Jr.'s regt. ; return of men ordered to march to Rhode Island; 
compan}' raised in Duxbury and Bridgewater; regiment mustered agreeable to 
resolve of Sept. 13, 1776, from Brig. Gen. Cushing's (Plymouth Co.) brigade and 
Brig. Gen. Otis's (Barnstable Co.) brigade ; list returned Oct. 30, 1776 ; also, Capt. 
Partridge's co., Col. Cushing's regt.; drafted Sept. 18, 1776; service, 2 mos. 2 
days, at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Thomas Carpen- 
ter's regt.; enlisted July 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 9, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 
days, at Rhode Island. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 841 

Beal, Benjamin. Captain, Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards ; enlisted July 10, 1778 ; 
discharged Dec. 13, 1778; service, 5 mos. 4 days, guarding troops of convention 
and stores at Boston ; also, muster roll dated Boston, Aug. 1-t, 1778; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779; reported absent with leave; furloughed Aug. 14, 1778. 

Beal, Benjamin. Corporal, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's co.; enlisted Jan. 15, 
1780; rolls made up to Oct. 24, 1781 ; service, 21 mos. 11 days, at Castle and Gov- 
ernor's Islands under His Excellency John Hancock ; reported promoted to 
Quarter Gunner Feb. 12, 1781 ; also, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay rolls for 
service from Oct. 25, 1781, to April 24, 1785, 3 yrs. 6 mos., at Castle and Gov- 
ernor's Islands. 

Beal, Benjamin, Jr., Abington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Edward 
Mitchel's regt. ;~marched to "The Farms " in Braintree March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 
days; also, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 3, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 9, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Caleu, Abington. Private, Capt. William Reed's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Reed's 
CO., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days. 

Beal, Caleb. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co., Col.Eliphalet Cary's regt. ; marched 
from Abington to Tiverton, R. I., on an alarm July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 
1780; service, 11 days. 

Beal, Caleb. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt. ; company assembled at Hingham March 15, 1776; service, 1 day. 

Beal, Caleb. Private, Capt. Xathan Harwood's co.. Col. John Dickinson's regt. ; 
enlisted July 19, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 15 days; marched to 
Manchester on an alarm to join forces under Col. Warner. Roll dated Chester- 
field. 

Beal, Daniel. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co. ; pay roll for service from Xov. 30, 
1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 1 mo., at Hull. 

Beal, Daniel. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards ; enlisted 
Nov. 12, 1777 ; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 22 days, at Cambridge. 

Beal, Daniel, Abington. Private, Capt. William Reed's co., Col. John Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. 
Reed's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 6, 1775; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 26 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, fresh; residence, Abington; arrived at Spring- 
field July 15, 1780; marched to camp July 15, 1780, under command of Capt. 
James Cooper ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Abington 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 10, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 15, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 17 daj's. 

Beal, Daniel. Seaman, brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged May 12, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 9 da3-s ; reported among those placed on 
board the ship " Putnam " or who left the brig on her arrival at Boston. 

Beal, Daniel. Private, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; enlisted March 14, 1783; dis- 
charged March 29, 1785 ; service, 2 yrs. 16 days, at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Beal, David, Jr., Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Lincoln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; 
also, Capt. Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted May 5, 1775 ; discharged Jan. 
29, 1776 ; service, 8 mos. 24 days, at Hingham ; also, Lieut. Heman Lincoln's co.. 
Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; pay roll for 2 days service from June 14, 1776, at 



842 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beal, David, Jr., contitiued. 

Hull ; also, pay roll for service from June 23 to June 25, 1776, 2 days, at Hull ; 
also, Corporal, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. LoveU's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 18, 
1776; discharged March 17, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, petition dated 
April 10, 1777, signed bj' said Beal and others of Capt. Jot) Cushing's co., asliing 
for travel allowance, etc., from Hingham and Cohasset to Danbury, Conn. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; also, Capt. Peter Cushing's co., Col. David Cusliing's regt. ; 
company assembled Feb. 27, 1778, at Hull, under command of Maj. Thomas 
Lothrop ; service, 6 days. 

Beal, Ebexezer, Abington. Private, Capt. "William Reed's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 
5 days ; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beal, Ebexezek. Gunner's Mate; list of prisoners on board the cartel " Hostage " to 
be exchanged for British jmsoners [year not given] , as returned by Thomas Stone, 
Commissary; reported taken in the sloop "Retrieve " (privateer) of Casco Bay 
by the British ship " Milford." 

Beal, Ebenezeh. Pilot ; list of prisoners brought to Marblehead in the cartel " Pacific " 
to be returned for British jmsoners [year not given] , as returned by Thomas 
Stone, Commissary; reported taken in the schooner "General Gates" (privateer) 
by the British ship " Hope." 

Beal, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Thayer, 3d's (Independent Volunteer) co. of 
Braintree; enlisted Jan. 13, 1776; discharged Jan. 24, 1776; service, 12 days. 

Beal, Eleazeh. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's (later Capt. Thomas Cush- 
ing's) CO.; roll made up from Jan. 1, 1781; discharged Oct. 17, 1781; service, 9 
mos. 17 days, at Castle and Governor's Islands under His Excellency John 
Hancock. 

Beal, Elias, Hingham. Seaman, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by Capt. Simeon 
Samson ; engaged Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged May 20, 1778 ; service, 8 mos. 28 
days ; also, muster roll dated Boston, Nov. 13, 1777. 

Beal, Elijah. Private, Capt. Heman Lincoln's co., Col. LoveU's regt.; inarched to 
Hull Dec. 14, 1776 ; service, 3 days. 

Beal, Elijah, Jr., Hingham. Corporal, Capt. James Lincoln's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Lincoln's regt., which marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; 
also. Sergeant, Capt. Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 
8 mos. 24 days, at Hingham; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Seth Stowers's (Sea 
Coast) CO. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 12, 1776 ; com- 
pany raised for service at Hingham ; also, Capt. Stowers's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; pay rolls for service from July 31, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 5 mos., at 
Hull. 

Beal, George, Boston. Private, Capt. Parker's co., Col. Prescott's regt.; company 
return dated Sept. 27, 1775 ; enlisted April 19, 1775 ; reported enlisted in the Artil- 
lery May 24, 1775. 

Beal, Gershom, Salem. Private, Capt. John Williams's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's 
regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; mustered bj' John Cushing, Esq. 

Beal, Gershom, Hingham. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. Solomon LoveU's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 18, 1776 ; discharged March 17, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; 
also, petition dated April 10, 1777, signed by said Beal and others of Capt. Job 
Cushing's CO., asking for travel allowance, etc., from Hingham and Cohasset to 
Danbury, Conn., in Dec, 1776 ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Benjanun Lapham's and Capt. Peter Cushing's 
COS., dated Feb. 17, 1778; joined Capt. Winship's co., Col. Marshall's (also given 
Col. Putnam's) regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 843 

Beal, Henry, Kittery. Private, Capt. Goodwin's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; roll 
made up for travel allowance from Albany home ; discharged at Albany Nov. 30, 
177G ; also, list of men mustered in York Co. by Joseph Bragdon, Jr., Muster Mas- 
ter, dated March 31, 1777 ; Capt. Silas Burbank's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; 
reported received State and Continental l)ounties; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men dated Fel). 3, 1781 ; age-, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; comi)Iexion, light ; hair, 
brown; occupation, yeoman; residence, Kittery; birthplace, Kittery; enlisted 
March 1, 1777, by Capt. Burbank, at Kitter.v; rank. Corporal; joined Capt. John 
Williams's co., 1st regt. ; enlistment, during war ; also, Corporal, Capt. Williams's 
CO., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster roll for Feb. and March, 1781; also, 
muster rolls for Ma.v-July, 1781; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp 
Peekskill; reported on command at West Point; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781 ; 
also, muster roTl for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts ; also, muster roll for 
Jan., 1782; also, muster roll for March, 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Beal, Isaac. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; pay roll 
for service from July 31, 1776, to Nov. 30, 1776, 4 mos. 

Beal, Lsaac. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 18 days, at and 
about Boston ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Beal, Isaac. Quarter Gunner, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's (later Capt. Thomas 
Cushing's) co. ; enlisted Dec. lo, 1779; rolls made up to April 24, 1782; service, 

2 yrs. 4 mos., II days, at Castle and Governor's Islands under His Excellency 
John Hancock; reported promoted from Corporal Nov. 1, 1780; also. Sergeant, 
Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; paj' rolls for service from April 25, 1782, to Dec. 14, 
1782, 7 mos. 20 days, at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Beal, Isaac, Jr. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co.. Col. Solomon 
Lovell's regt.; company assemljled at Hingham March 15, 1776; service, 3 days. 

Beal, Israel. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co.. Col. Palmer's regt. ; company 
assembled March 4, 1776 ; service, 5 daj^s, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Israel. Private, Capt. Heman Lincoln's co.. Col. Lovell's regt.; marched to 
Hull Dec. 14, 1776 ; service, 4 days. 

Beal, Israel. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's co. ; enlisted Jan. 7, 1780; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1780; service, 11 mos. 25 da.vs, at Castle and Governor's 
Islands under His Excellencj' John Hancock. 

Beal, Israel. Private, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 2, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 5, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 14 days, at 
Peekskill, N. Y. 

Beal, Jacob, Williamsburg. Private, Lieut. Joseph Warner's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported 
enlisted into the army April 27, 1775; also, Capt. Abel Thayer's co.. Col. John 
Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 

3 mos. 11 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Dorchester, Nov. 7, 1775. 

Beal, Jacob, Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's co.. Col. Benjamin Lincoln's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; also. Cor- 
poral, Capt. Thomas Hersey's co.. Col. Lovell's regt. ; marched to Dorchester 
March 4, 1776; service, 4 days; also, Lieut. Heman Lincoln's co., Col. Solomon 
Lovell's regt.; payroll for 2 daj'S service, from June 14, 1776, at Hull; also, 
Private ; marched June 23, 1776 ; service, 2 days, at Hull ; also, marclied to Hull 
Dec. 14, 1776 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Peter Cushing's co., Col. David Cush- 
ing's regt.; company assembled at Hull Feb. 27, 1778, under Maj. Thomas 
Lothrop; service, 6 days. 



844 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beal, Jaikvs. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; enlisted 
Dec. 18, 1776 ; discharged March 17, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, petition 
dated April 10, 1777, signed by said Beal and others of Capt. Job Cushing's co., 
asking for travel allowance, etc., from llingham and Cohasset to Danbury, Conn., 
in Dec, 1770; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beal, Jairus. Private, (late) Capt. Elias AVhiton's co. of guards. Col. Symonds's regt. ; 
enlisted March 9, 1778; discharged April 28, 1778; service, 1 mo. 20 days, at 
Boston. 

Beal, James. Private, Capt. Isaac Sherman's CO., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; 
pay abstracts for Jan. and Feb., 1776; also, pay abstracts for April, May and 
Jane, 1776, dated New York. 

Beal, James. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
service, 4 mos. 5 days, at Hingham. 

Beal, Japheth, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's regt.> 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, list of men 
in the 10th co., Plymouth Co. regt., who performed tours of duty ; reported as 
serving 1 mo. in the minute service, 10 days at Squantom, ^ of the 3 mos. 10 days 
turn at York, in 1770, 15 days on Bedford alarm, and 15 days on Rhode Island 
alarm; also, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; marched 
to Squantum on an alarm March 4, 1776; service, 5 days; also, Capt. James 
Allen's CO., Col. Simeon Cary's regt.; pay abstract for rations dated Camp near 
New York, Aug. 9, 1776. 

Beal, Jekemiah, Bridgewater. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Hayden's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched April 26, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 5 days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Snell's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt.; marched 
to Providence, R. I., Dec. 8, 1770, on an alarm ; service, 16 days. 

Beal, Jeremiah. Drummer, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged May 12, 1778; service, 3 mos. under 
Maj. Gen. Heath at Boston. 

Beal, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. David Packard's co., Col. Carj^'s regt.; marched to 
Rhode Island on an alarm, July 22, 1780 ; service, 3 days. 

Beal, Job, Abington. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted July 22, 1776; rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1777; service, 5 mos. 9 days, at 
Hull; also, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Eliphalet Cary's regt.; marched from 
Abington to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 
1780 ; service, 11 days ; also, Capt. William Barker's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt.; enlisted March 6, 1781; discharged March 20, 1781; service, 18 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Beal, John, llingliam. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's co., Col. Benjamin Lincoln's 
regt., whidi marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co., Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; company assem- 
bled March 15, 1776; service, 1 day, at Hingham. 

Beal, John, Newton. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Wiswall's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Lexington ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Stephen Dana's- 
CO., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; arrived at camp May 9, 1777; service, 2 mos» 
7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, John. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R. I., in the prison ship "Lord 
Sandwich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Beal, John. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; pay roll for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos., at 
Cambridge. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 845 

Beal, John. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Thorn," commanded by 
Capt. Richard Cowell, dated Marblehead, Sept. 14, 1780 ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; 
complexion, dark. 

Beal, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Braj^'don's co., Col. Joseph Prime's regt.; enlisted 
May 4, 1780 ; discharged Nov.. 22, 1780 ; ser\-ice, 6 mos. 23 days, under Brig. Gen. 
Wadsworth. 

Beal, John, Gageborough (also given Hancock). Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. 
Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; payroll for mileage dated Dec. 1, 1776; also, Capt. 
John Williams's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, 
dated West Point ; reported on command with Gen. McDougal ; also, muster rolls 
for Feb.-July, 1781; reported on command with Gen. McDougal; a/so, muster 
roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill; enlistment, during war; also, muster 
roll for Sept., 1781 ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts ; 
reported on command with Gen. McDougal; also, muster roll for Jan., 1782; 
reported on command with Gen. McDougal; also, muster roll for March, 1782, 
dated York Hutts. 

Beal, John, York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co.. Col. James Scammon's regt. ; 
company return [probably Aug., 1773] ; enlisted May 4, 1775 ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775 ; also, list 
of men mustered in York Co. by Joseph Bragdon, Jr., Muster Master, dated March 
31, 1777 ; Capt. George Smith's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; 
reported received State and Continental bounties; also, Capt. Francis's co.. Col. 
Benjamin Tupper's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 
12, 1777, to July 30, 1778; reported discharged July 30, 1778; also, Capt. Daniel 
Wheelwright's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay roll for rations from date 
of enlistment, Jan. 12, 1777, to date of marching, April 26, 1777 ; also, Capt. 
Wheelwright's co.. Col. Tupper's regt.; muster return dated Jan. 25, 1778; mus- 
tered by Col. Yarrick ; reported furloughed. 

Beal, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Thomas Hersey's co.. Col. Lovell's regt. ; marched to 
Dorchester March 4, 1776 ; service, 4 days. Roll sworn to at Hingham. 

Beal, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt.; 
return of men in service [probablj- l)etween Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Beal, Jonathan, Abington (also given Bridgewater) . Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's 
CO., Col. Edward Mitchel's regt. ; marched to " The Farms " in Braintree March 
4, 1776; service, 5 days; also, Capt. Cobb's co.. Col. Titcomb's regt.; marched 
from Bridgewater April 21, 1777; service, 2 mos. ; stationed at Bristol, R. I. 

Beal, Jonathan. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton ; engaged Aug. 18, 1777; discharged March 11, 1778; service, 6 mos. 14 days. 

Beal, Jo's. Sergeant, Lieut. William Bird's co.. Col. Thaj-er's (SuflFolk Co.) regt.; 
enlisted July 19, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 3 daj's, at West 
Point ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Beal, Joseph, Kittery. Private, Capt. Tobias Fernald's co., Col. James Scammon's 
(30th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
5 days ; reported discharged Sept. 9, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 1, Nov. 28, 1775; also, Capt. Philip Hul)- 
bard's CO.; enlisted Jan. 17, 1776; rolls made up for 7 mos. 15 days service at 
Kittery Point and Old York. 

Beal, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co.,Col. Palmer's regt. ; company 
assembled March 4, 1776 ; service, 10 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Joseph, Abington. Private, Capt. Nathan Snow's co., commanded by 2d Lieut. 
Christopher Dyer, Col. Edward Mitchel's regt., Gen. Cushing's brigade; marched 
to Bristol on an alarm, Dec. 9, 1776 ; service, 16 days. 



846 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Be.vi., Joseph. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co., Col. Pierce's regt. ; enlisted March 
1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 1 luo. 3 days, at Castle Island. Roll 
dated Dorchester. 

Beal, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co., Maj. Thomas Lathrop's regt. ; 
enlisted March 12, 1778; discharged April 4, 1778; service, 2i days, at Hull. 

Beal, Joseph, Hingham. Sergeant, Capt. James Lincoln's co., Col. Benjamin Lin- 
coln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 13 days; 
also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Ilersey's co., Col. LoveU's regt. ; marched to 
Dorchester March 4, 1770; service, 4 days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Mersey's 
(1st llingham) co.. Col. LoveU's (2d Suffolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned April 4, 1776 ; also, Lieut. Heman Lincoln's co., Col. Solo- 
mon LoveU's regt. ; pay roll for 2 days service from June 14, 1776, at Hull ; also, 
Lieut. Lincoln's co.. Col. Lovel's regt. ; marched June 23, 177G ; service, 2 days, 
at Hull ; also, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. LoveU's regt. ; enlisted Dec. 18, 1776 ; 
discharged March 17, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 1") days ; also, petition dated April 10, 
1777, signed by said Beal and others in Capt. Job Cushing's co., asking for travel 
allowance, etc., from Hingham and Cohasset to Danbury, Conn., in Dec, 1776; 
enlistment, 3 months ; also, Capt. Benjamin Lapliam's (2d) co., 2d Suffolk Co. 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned March 10, 1779. 

Beal, Joseph, Old York (also given Wells). Private, Col. Henry Sherburne's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from July 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Joshua Trafton's co.. Col. Sherburne's regt. ; muster roll made up 
from July 21, 1778, to Aug. 21, 1778, dated Camp Middletown; enlisted July 20 
(also given July 2), 1777; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also, Capt. Benjamin Burton's 
CO., Col. Sherburne's regt.; return dated Boston, June 15, 1779; also, Capt. 
Thomas Turner's (5th) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 20, 1780; reported transferred 
from Col. Sherburne's regt. l)y order of Gen. Washington May 2, 1780 ; discharged 
July 20, 1780 ; also, muster roll dated Camp near Morristown, May 8, 1780. 

Beal, Joseph. Private, Lieut. John Cole's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; 
marched from Windsor Oct. 20, 1780, by order of Gen. Fellows on an alarm; ser- 
vice, 3 days. 

Beal, Joseph. Private, Capt. Amos Foster's co., Col. Cyprian How's (7th Middlesex 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 
days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beal, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Bragdon's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; en- 
listed June 7, 1780; discharged Nov. 22, 1780; service, 5 mos. 21 days, under 
Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Beal, Joseph. Private, Capt. Timothy Remick's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 7, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 6, 1781. 

Beal, Joseph. List of men mustered in York Co. Ijy Joseph Bragdon, Jr., Muster 
Master, dated Feb. 20, 1777; Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's co., Col. John Patter- 
son's regt. ; reported received Continental and State Ijounties. 

Beal, Joseph. Muster Master's return dated York, March 12, 1777; age, 20 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light. 

Beal, Joseph, Old York (also given Frankfort). Descriptive list of enlisted men; 
Capt. Remick's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; age, 25j yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9^ 
in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; residence, York ; birtliplace, York ; enlisted 
Dec. 8, 1779, by Col. Vose at Peekskill ; enlistment, during war; also. Sergeant, 
Colonel's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 5 mos. as Corporal, 7 mos. as 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 847 

Beal, Joseph, continued. 

Sergeant; also, Capt. Timothy llemick's co., Col. Vose'sregt. ; muster rolls for 
Jan.-April, 1781, dated "West Point; also, Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Noah 
Allen's CO., Col. Yose's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also, 
muster roll for June, 1781 ; also. Private, Capt. llemick's (3d) co.. Col. Yose's 
regt. ; muster roll for July, 1781, dated Phillipsljurgh; reported reduced July 13, 
1781, and transferred to 3d co. ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; also, Sergeant; 
muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, and Jan., 1782, dated York Huts; also, list of men court-martialed; tried 
Feb. 28, 1782, on charge of forging Lieut. Well's name to orders for rum, by regi- 
mental court-martial, Capt. Mills, President ; sentence, 100 lashes and to be re- 
duced ; also, Capt. Remick's co., Col. Yose's regt. ; muster roll for Feb., 1782, 
dated York Hutts ; reported reduced to Private Feb. 28, 1782. 

Beal, Joshua, Abington (also given Bridgewater) . Private, Capt. William Reed's 
CO., Col. John Bailey's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser- 
vice, 12 days; also, Capt. Josiah Ilayden's co., Gen. John Thomas's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 1 day; also, 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, muster roll for 61 days from Sept. 1 
[year not given] , dated Camp at Roxbury. 

Beal, Joshua, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 days; also, Capt. 
Cushing's co., Col. Heath's regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775. 

Beal, Joshua, Hingham. Private, Capt. James Lincoln's (Independent) co.; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at Hingham; also. Corporal, Capt. Seth 
Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; payrolls for service from July 31, 
1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 5 mos., at Hull. 

Beal, Joshua. List of men in Capt. Amos Lincoln's (10th) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) 
regt., who received bounty for 8 mos. service, from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777 ; 
also, list of men dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778. 

Beal, Joshua. List of prisoners sent from Newport, R, I., in the prison ship "Lord 
Sandwich " and landed at Bristol March 7, 1778. 

Beal, Joshua. Private, (late) Capt. Elias Whiton's co. of guards. Col. Symonds's 
regt. ; enlisted March 9, 1778 ; discharged April 28, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 20 days, 
at Boston. 

Beal, Joshua. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Beal's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 10, 1778; discharged Dec. 13, 1778; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; com- 
pany drafted in July, 1778, to guard stores and troops of convention at Boston. 

Beal, Joshua, York. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1781 ; 
Capt. Timothy Remick's co., 1st regt. ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, dark; residence, York; birthplace, York; enlisted Dec. 8, 
1779, by Col. Vose, at Peekskill ; enlistment, during war. 

Beal, Joshua, Athol. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agi-eeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 3-1 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Athol; arrived at Springfield 
July 6, 1780 ; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, 
pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Athol for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780; marched July 2, 1780; discharged Jan. 5, 1781; ser- 
■sice, 6 mos. 4 days. 

Beal, Joshua, Jr. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 
30, 1776, to Dec. 31, 1776, 1 mo., at Hull. 



848 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beal, Josi.vh, York. Descriptive list of men enlisted from York Co. for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 4, 1778 ; Capt. Bragdon's 
CO., 1st regt.; age, 40 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; residence, 
York ; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the 
term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 47 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 
11 in.; complexion, dark; residence, York; arrived at Springfield July 12, 1780; 
marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign Gilbert. 

Beal, Lazarus Axdkews. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 18, 1776 ; discharged March 17, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; 
also, petition dated April 10, 1777, signed by said Beal and others of Capt. Cush- 
ing's CO., asking for travel allowance, etc., from Hingham and Cohasset to Dan- 
bury, Conn., in Dec, 1776; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beal, Levi, Plantation No. 5. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co., Col. John Patter- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 
mos. 27 days. 

Beal, Levi. Sergeant, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's detachment of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged May 12, 1778; service, 3 mos., under 
Maj. Gen. Heath at Boston. 

Beal, Matthias, Y'ork. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co.. Col. James Scammon's 
regt.; company return [probaljly Aug., 1775] ; enlisted July 21, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or ils equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775 ; also, 
list of men mustered in York Co. by Natlianiel Wells, Muster Master, dated Feb. 
8, 1777; Capt. James Donnell's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years or during war; reported enlisted Feb. 3, 1777; also. Drummer, Colonel's 
CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 3, 1780. 

Beal, Moses, Newton. Private, Capt. Edmund Bemis's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 
days ; also, receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 4, 1775 ; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 26, 1775 ; also, Capt. Stephen Dana's co.. 
Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; arrived at camp May 9, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Moses. Private, Lieut. Joseph Crafts's co. ; marched to join Col. Crafts's regt. 
at Boston Dec. 9, 1776; service, 5 days. 

Beal, Moses. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 
days, at Caml)ridge. 

Beal, Nathan, Mendon. Private, Capt. Gershom Nelson's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge and Roxbury ; service, 9 days. 

Beal, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Hall, Jr.'s (1st) co.. Col. Palmer's regt.; com- 
pany assembled March 4, 1776; service, 10 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Peter Penniman's co.. Col. Wood's regt.; pay roll 
for service from April 18, 1777, to May 7, 1777, 21 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Nicholas, York. List of men mustered in York Co. by Joseph Bragdon, Jr., 
Muster Master, dated Feb. 20, 1777; Capt. Nathaniel Cushing's co.. Col. John 
Patterson's regt. ; reported received Continental and State bounties ; also. Muster 
Master's return dated York, Marcli 12, 1777; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; 
complexion, dark. 

Beal, Noah, Jr., Aldington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co.. Col. Edward Mitch- 
ell's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Eleazer Hamblen's co., Gen. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 849 

Beal, Noah, Jr., continued. 

John Thomas's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177'); enlisted May 1, 177.t; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 1 week, 1 day ; also. Corporal, Capt. Cobb's CO., Col. Eliphalet Cary's 
regt.; marched from Abington to Tiverton, R. I., July 30, 1780, on an alarm; 
discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days. 

Beal, Obadiah. Captain, (CohaSset) 4th cc. Col. Lovell's (2d SufiFolk Co.) regt.; list 
of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 4 (also given April 5), 1776. 

Beal, Obadiah. Private, Capt. David Bent's co., Col. Job Cushin's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. .5, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at the Northward. 

Beal, Obadiah, Royalston (also given New Boston). Private, Capt. James Gray's 
CO., Col. Thonia^s Marshall's regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1776 ; rolls made up to Nov. 
30, 1776; service, 4 mos. 4 days; also, order for advance pay dated Long Island, 
Sept. 26, 1776; also, Capt. Abel liolden's (later Capt. AVottles's) co., Lieut. Col. 
Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; return of men in service for Jan. -Dec, 1781; time 
allowed from Jan. 29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Mason Wottles's co., 
Lieut. Col. Smith's regt.; return of men in service Jan.-Dec, 1782; also, order 
for wages for 1781 and 1782, dated Royalston. 

Beal, Oliver, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt.; marched to take possession of Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776; service, 
4 days ; also, pay roll for 6 days service subsequent to March 10, 1776. 

Beal, Othxiel, Marljlehead. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Junius 
Brutus," commanded b\' Capt. John Leach, dated Salem, June l.^i, 1780; age, 20 
yrs. ; stature, a ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Marblehead. 

Beal, Reuben, Township No. 5. Private, Capt. Abel Thayer's co., Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 11 days. 

Beal, Reuben. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Harwood's co.. Col. John Dickinson's regt.; 
enlisted July 19, 1777; discharged .^uly 31, 1777; service, 15 days; marched to 
Manchester to reinforce army under Col. Warner on an alarm. Roll dated Ches- 
terfield. 

Beal, Rufus. Private, Lieut. Joseph Warner's co., which marched April 21, 1775, in 
response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; reported enlisted into 
the army April 27, 1775. 

Beal, Samuel, Marblehead. Capt. Francis Symonds's co., Col. John Glover's regt.; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 30, 1775; service, 2 mos. 7 days; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Beal, Samuel, Cohasset. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 23, 1775; service, 2 mos. 14 days; 
also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Heath's regt.; company return dated Fort No. 2, 
Oct. 5,1775; also, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Beal, Samuel, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Daniel Rogers's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Abraham Dodge's co., Col. 
Moses Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; ser- 
vice, 12 weeks 6 days; also, company return dated Oct. 9, 1775; age, 25 jts. ; 
also, Capt. Dodge's co.. Col. Little's regt.; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776 [service not 
given] . 

Beal, Samuel. Sergeant, Capt. Timothy Paige's co.. Col. James Convers's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 31, 1777 ; service, 10 days; marched to Ben- 
nington on an alarm. 



850 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS ASD SAILORS 

Beal, Samuel. Corporal, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. Ezra May's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 1-1, 1777 ; service, 29 days, on an expedi- 
tion to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Beal, Samiel. Cohasset. Matross, Capt. Jonathan W. Edes's (4th) co., Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 8, 1770, to Nov. 1, 1776, 
2 mos. 28 days; also, Bombardier; pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 
8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days; also, Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Crafts's 
regt. ; service, 1 mo. 8 days ; company drafted to serve in the town and harbor 
of Boston, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 16, 1777. 

Beal, Samvel. Private, Capt. John Ames's co.; enlisted June 26, 1778; joined Col. 
Wade's regt. June 27, 1778; service, 24 days, at Rhode Island. 

Beal, Sajmuel. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's co. ; pay roll for service from 
Jan. 1, 1781, to Oct. 24, 1781, 9 mos. 24 days, at Castle and Governor's Islands, 
under His Excellency John Hancock ; also, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay 
rolls for service from Oct. 2"), 1781, to Oct. 24, 1782, 12 mos., at Castle and 
Governor's Islands; also, pay roll for 2 mos. 7 days service from July 25, 1783, to 
Oct. 3, 1783, at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Beal, Samuel, Jr., Marblehead. Capt. Thomas Grant's co., Col. John Glover's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775 ; also. Private, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 2 mos. 12 daj^s; also, 4th 
Corporal; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Beal, SEXir. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment of 
guards; enlisted March 9, 1778; discharged April 26, 1778; service, 1 mo. 19 days, 
at Boston and Dorchester, under Maj. Gen. Heath. 

Beal, Seth, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Nash's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt. ; pay roll for 4 days service subsequent to March 10, 1776; also, Capt. Nash's 
CO., Col. David Cushing's regt.; enlisted Dec. 20, 1777; roll made up to March 1, 
1778; service, 2 mos. 10 days, with Maj. Edward Procter's detachment of guards 
at Fort Hill, Boston ; also, list of men wlio signed a receipt for bounty for service 
under Gen. Sullivan at Providence dated July 16, 1778. 

Beal, Seth. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Putnam's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; 
enlisted July 12, 1778; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1778; service, 5 mos. 24 days, at 
Rhode Island; also, muster roll for Jan.-Sept., 1778, dated East Greenwich; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan. -Nov., 1778, dated 
North Kingston. 

Beal, Seth. Private, Capt. Isaac Newton's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 2 mos. 20 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

BE.iL, Seth, Jr. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co., Lieut. Col. Symms's detachment 
of guards; enlisted March 9, 1778; discharged April 26, 1778; service, 1 mo. 19 
days, under Maj. Gen. Heath, at Dorchester and Boston. 

Beal, Simeon. Private, Capt. Benjamin Larrabee's co.. Col. Mitchel's regt.; marched 
on expedition to Penobscot July 9, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 
3 days. 

Beal, Thomas, Newton. Private, Capt. Amariah Fuller's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 2 days ; reported as belonging to 
alarm list. 

Beal, Thomas, Winchendon. Private, Capt. Moses Hale's co.. Col. Nathan Spar- 
hawk's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days; 
reported enlisted into the army; «/so, Capt. Jonathan Holman's co.. Col. Doo- 
little's regt.; return for equipments dated Cambridge, June 18, 1775; o/«o. Ser- 
geant; company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. G, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 851 

Beal, Thomas. Capt. Pliineas Cook's co., Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Ilill, Dec. 26, 1775. 

Beal, Thomas. Private, Lieut. Joseph Crafts's co. ; marched to join Col. Crafts's 
regt. at Boston Dec. 9, 1776 ; service, 5 days. 

Beal, Uriah. Private, Capt. Stephen Badlam's co.. Col. Knox's (Artillery) regt.; 
return of men in service [probably between Jan. and April, 1776] near Boston. 

Beal, Welcome, Hingham. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co.. Col. 
Solomon Lovel's regt.; companj' assembled at Hull June 23, 1776; service, 2 
days; also, Capt. Seth Stowers's co. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 30, 1776, to 
Dec. 31, 1776, 1 mo., at Hull. 

Beal, AVilliam, Raymond. Private, Capt. Smart's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Jan. 30, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Beal, Zachariah, York. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from York Co. 
[year not given] . 

Beaxe, Aaron. Boy ; list of prisoners sent in the cartel " Silver Eel " from Halifax to 
Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Beale, Bexjamix, Abington. Private, Capt. Reed's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Roxbury, Oct. 2, 1775. 

Beale, Bexjamix. Captain; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 28, 
1778 ; company detached to guard troops of convention. 

Beale, Caleb, Abington. Private, Capt. Reed's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt. ; company 
return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beale, Gershom, Salem. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 
Essex Co. regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Winship's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Beale, Xathaxiel, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Capt. Edmund Billings's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; company assembled June 13, 1776, to drive 
British ships from Boston harbor; service, 2 days. 

Beale, Nicholas. Private, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 11, 1777; reported 
deceased. 

Beale, Obadiah. Private, Lieut. Joseph Boynton's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 11 days; 
marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Beale, Obadiah, Royalston. Capt. Stearns's co.. Col. Rand's regt. ; order for wages 
for 3 mos. service in 1780, dated Royalston ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; 
Capt. Woodbury's co., Col. Boynton's regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; com- 
plexion, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Royalston ; enlisted June 29, 1781 ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Beale, Samuel. Capt. Abraham Dodge's co.. Col. Moses Little's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Beale, Seth. Receipt for recruits dated Roxbury, Oct. 4, 1779, given by Jonas 
Humphrey to Maj. Stephen Badlam, and agreeing to deliver said Beale and others 
to Justin Ely, Commissioner at Springfield, by Oct. 10, 1779. 

Beales, Eleazer, Braintree. Corporal, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co., Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt.; enlisted June 1, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 
1 day. 



852 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Be.vles, Is.v.\c, Braintree. Private, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt.; enlisted June 1, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; ser\ice, 2 mos. 1 day. 

Beales, James. Private, Capt. Daniel Brown's co., commanded by Lieut. AVilliaiu 
AVhite, Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 23, 177'J; dis- 
charged Sept. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Beales, Jonathan. Volunteer Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by 
Capt. Allen Hallet ; engaged Feb. 22, 1779 ; discharged April .30, 1779 ; service, 
2 mos. 9 days ; also, Seaman, brigantine " Freedom," commanded by Capt. John 
Cluston [year not given] . 

Beales, Joshua. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. U, 1777 ; service, 29 days, on expedition 
to Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Beales, Joshua. Matross, Capt. Lincoln's co.. Col. llevere's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from May 29, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, list of men 
dated Castle Island, Sept. 17, 1779. 

Beales, Noah, Abington. Private, Capt. Ilamlen's co., Gen. Thomas's regt. ; company 
return [probal)ly Oct., 1775]. 

Bealey, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt.; enlisted July 9, 1779; discharged Sept. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 15 days, at 
Penobscot. 

Bealet, IIarky. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Kufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 18, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 18, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bealet, Noah, Natick. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co., Col. John Patterson's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days. 

Beall, Isaac. List of men in Capt. Gershom Nelson's co., dated July 19, 1776. 

Beall, Joshua. Private, Capt. John Tyler's co., Col. Joseph Read's regt.; return of 
men in service Dec. 10, 1775. 

Beall. Levi, Plantation No. 5 (also given Gageborough or Partridgefield). Private, 
Caiit. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. John Paterson's regt. ; company return [prob- 
ably Oct., 1775] ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bealls, Isaac. Fifer, Capt. John Gill's (6th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Nov. 1. 1776, 3 mos. 

Bealls, Israel, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Col. Jonathan Bass's 
regt.; company assembled at Braintree June 13, 1776, upon orders to march to 
Horse Neck, and June 21, 1776, upon orders to march to Nantasket; service, 2 
days. 

Beals, Abei- Private, Lieut. Obadiah Beal's detachment of guards; enlisted Dec. 12, 
1775 ; roll made up to April 3, 1776 ; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at Hull Beach. 

Beals, Ahkaham. Private, Capt. Joseph Warner's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, 
in Northern department. 

Beals, Adam. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 29 days, on expedition to 
Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Beals, Adam (?), Jr. Private, Capt. Christopher Bannister's co.. Col. John Dickin- 
son's regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 22, 1777; service, 8 days; 
marched to Bennington to reinforce the army. Roll dated Chesterfield. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 853 



Beals, Asa. Private, Capt. Isaac Gage's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 5, 17S1 ; discharired Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, near West Point ; 
companj' detached from Col. Dana's regt. to reinforce Continental Army; enlist- 
ment, 3 months. 

Beals, Azariah. Private, Capt. Josejjh Trufant's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 25, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Beals, Barzillai. Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men for 
service at the Castle from Oct. 25, 1786, to Jan. 25, 1787. 

Beals, Benjamin. Captain, Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; engaged July 11, 
1779; discharged Dec. 12, 1779; service, 5 mos. 2 days, at and about Boston. 

Beals, Benjamin, Kittery. List of men mustered in York Co. by Joseph Bragdon, Jr., 
Muster Master, dated March 31, 1777; Capt. Silas Burhank's co., Col. Samuel 
Brewer's regt. ; reported received State and Continental bounties ; also, Private, 
Capt. Burbank's co., Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 26, 1780; reported deserted July 26, 1780. 

Beals, Benjamin. Quarter Gunner, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; pay roll for service 
from April 25, 1785, to Oct. 24, 1785, 6 mos., at Castle and Governor's Islands; 
also, warrants to pay officers and men for service at the Castle from Oct. 25, 1785, 
to April 25, 1786. 

Beals, Caleb, Abington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Marshfield ; service, 3 days. 

Beals, Caleb, Conway. Private, Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 14^ days ; also, Capt. Seth Murray's co.. Col. Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 11, 1775; service, 2 mos. 26 
days; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 30, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Beals, Caleb. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Jan. 6, 1777; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 26 daj-s ; marched to Ticonderoga. 

Beals, Caleb. Private, Capt. Thomas French's co.. Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern department. 

Beals, Caleb. Private, Capt. Joseph Warner's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt.; 
• enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, in 
Northern department. 

Beals, Caleb, Abington. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 27, 1778; Capt. 
Cobb's CO., Col. Mitchell's regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, 
light; residence, Abington. 

Beals, Cato. Private, Capt. Edward Richardson's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt.; 
enlisted June 14, 1778; discharged Feb. 24, 1779; sei-vice, 8 mos. 21 days, at 
North River, N. Y. ; roll dated Watertown ; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated 
West Point; also, pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Beals, Daniel, Hingham. Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men in ser- 
vice at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 17 yrs. 

Beals, Daniel. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. ; pay roll for ser- 
vice from Feb. 3 to April 3 [year not given, probably 1778] ; service, 2 mos., 
guarding troops of convention at Cambridge. 



854 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDFERS AND SAILORS 

Seals, Daniel, Abington. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for 
the terra of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 27, 1778; 
Capt. Cobb's (also j^iven Capt. McCobb's) co.. Col. Mitchell's rent. ; age, 25 .vrs. ; 
stature, o ft. 10 (also given 8) in.; complexion, light; residence, Alnngton ; de- 
livered to Lieut. R. Lille.v (also given Col. Mitcliell). 

6e.\ls, David, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay 
abstract for travel allowance, etc., to and from camp dated Nov., 1776; service at 
Dorchester Heights. 

Beals, David, Peml)roke (West Parish). Private, Capt. James Hatcli's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"), to Scituate and Marshfield ; discharged 
April 29, 177-"); service, 11 days; also, Capt. Hatch's co. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; 
discharged March 8, 1776; marched from Pembroke (West Parish) to Braintree, 
and thence toAVeymouth on the alarm of March 3, 1776; also, Capt. Hatch's co. ; 
enlisted Dec. 10, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 15 days, at Bristol, R. I., 
on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776. 

Beals, Eleazer, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Jacob Goold's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 12, 1775; service, 7 weeks; 
also, Capt. Goold's co., Col. Heath's (36th) regt.; company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; reported stationed at Fort No. 2, Cambridge; also, Capt. Goold's co.. 
Col. Greaton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Dec. 12, 1775. 

Beals, Eleazer. List of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of 
wages, dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Beals, Eleazer, Braintree. Private, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co.. Col. Thomas Mar- 
shall's regt. ; pay roll for 4 mos. 21 days service between July 31, 1776, and Jan. 
1, 1777. 

Beals, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Joseph Tower's co. (under command of Capt. Stephen 
Penniman until Sept. 15, 1777), Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; 
discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 16 days, in Northern department. 

Beals, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Lieut. Col. Edward Symmes's 
detachment of guards; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; discharged May 26, 1778; service, 
3 mos. 

Beals, Eleazer. Private, Lieut. Zaccheus Thayer's co., Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted June 23, 1778 ; discharged Feb. 25, 1779 ; service, 8 mos. 15 days ; marched 
to Peekskill; enlistment, 8 months; also, Capt. Isaac Morton's co.. Col. Poor's 
regt.; pay rolls for June-Aug., 1778; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fort 
Clinton ; also, Capt. James Berry's co.. Col. Poor's regt. ; pay rolls for Nov. and 
Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry ; also, pay roll for service to Feb. 24, 1779, 1 mo. 
6 days. 

Beals, Eleazer. Sergeant, Capt. Abner Crane's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; en- 
listed Oct. 13, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; marched to 
Claverack. 

Beals, Eleazer. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's co. ; enlisted Jan. 4, 1780; 
roll made up to Dec. 31, 1780; service, 11 mos. 28 days, at Castle and Governor's 
Islands under His Excellency John Hancock. 

Beals, Elias. Seaman, brigantine "Independence," commanded by Cai>t. Simeon 
Samson ; engaged May 20, 1776 ; roll made up to Sept. 22, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 2 
days. Roll dated Plymouth. 

Beals, Elijah. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Vinson's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt.; en- 
listed Oct. 17, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 18 days, at North 
River ; regiment raised in SuflFolk and Essex counties. 



. IX THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 855 

Beals, Elijah. Muster Master's receipt dated Boston, July 22, 1782 ; enlisted for town 
of Hingham ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beals, Elijah, Jr. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Setli Stowers's (Independent) co., Col. 
Josiah Whitney's regt. ; return dated Camp at Hull, July 17, 1776; also, pay roll 
for service from date of enlistment, May 22, 1776, to Aug. 1, 1776, 2 mos. 10 days, 
at Hull. 

Beals, Elisha. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; en- 
listed June 7, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 30, 1776; service, 5 mos. 24 davs, at 
Hull. 

Beals, Elisha, Hinjsham. Private, Capt. Luke Howell's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt. ; enlisted July 17, 1779; rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1779; service, 5 mos. 18 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Beals, Ellis. Seaman, brigantine "Independence;" when last paid Sept. 22, 1776; 
discharged Jan. 20, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, as one of the crew sent by 
Capt. Samson under command of Lieut. Daniel Adams to convey the prize brig- 
antine "Nancy " to Plymouth. 

Beaxs, Enoch. Private, Capt. Joseph Warner's co., Col. RugglesWoodbridge's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, in 
Northern department; also, Capt. Daniel Poraeroy's co., detached from Gen. 
Danielson's brigade of Hampshire Co. under Gen. Stark; enlisted July 1, 1778; 
roll made up to Oct. 31, 1778; service in Northern department. 

Beals, Gershom. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; en- 
listed May 25, 1776 ; rolls made up to Nov. 30, 1776 ; service, 6 mos. 7 davs, at 
Hull. 

Beals, Howland, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Elijah Cushing's co., wliich marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Pembroke (West Parish) to Marshtield ; service, 

2 days. 

Beals, Is.aac. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; enlisted 
May 27, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 5 days, at Hull. 

Beals, Isaac, Braintree. Private, Capt. Isaac Thayer's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from July 31, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 5 mos. ; also, Capt. 
Thayer's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service at Hull March 1, 1777; 
age, 17 yrs. 

Beals, Isaac. Private, Capt. Joseph Tower's co. (under command of Capt. Stephen 
Penniman until Sept. 15, 1777), Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; 
discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 16 days, in Northern department. 

Beals, Isaac, Pembroke (also given Scituate). Private, Capt. James Hatch's co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Pembroke (West Parish) to 
Scituate and Marshtield; discharged April 29, 1775; service, 11 days; also, Fifer, 
Capt. John Gill's (6th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; enlisted May 
26, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 7 days; also, Matross; 
pay roll for ser^^ce from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Beals, Isaac Private, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Lieut. Col. Edward Symmes's 
detachment of guards; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; discharged May 26, 1778; service, 

3 mos. ; also, Capt. Abel Richards's co., Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 15, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 18 days, with guards at 
Boston. 

Beals, Is.aac. Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John Cath- 
cart ; engaged June 30, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 6, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 8 davs. 



856 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAU^ORS 

Beals, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Champney's co., Maj. Gen. Gates's detachment 
of guards; enlisted Feb. 8, 1779; discharjjed May 7, 1779; service, 3 mos., at and 
about Boston ; al.io, Capt. Ralph Thompson's (Suffolk Co.) co. ; enlisted Oct. 1, 
1779; discharired Nov. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, tmder Maj. Gen. Hancock 
at Castle Island. 

Beals, Isaac. Musician, Capt. Al)ram Washburn's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Boston, Aug. 14, 1778; enlisted July 27, 1778; enlistment, 6 months, 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, Private, {^apt. Aimer Crane's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 13, 1779; discharged Dec. 2, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; 
marched to Claverack. 

Beals, Israel. Capt. Endicott's co., Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt. ; discharged 
Nov. 11, 1776 [service not given]. 

Beals, Israel. Private, Capt, John Bradley's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 14, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days; marched to Manchester, Yt., to join 
Northern army. Roll dated Suffolk Co. 

Beals, Jacob, Cohasset. Private, Cai)t. Obadiah Beals's co.. Col. Solomon Lovell's 
regt.; company assembled at Hull June 14, 1776; service, 2 days. 

Beals, Jacob. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt.; en- 
listed Sept. 20, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 29 days, on expedition to 
Stillwater and Saratoga. 

Beals, Jairvs. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; pay 
roll for service, from Aug. 20, 1776, to Nov. 30, 1776, 3 mos. 11 days, at Hull. 

Beals, Jairis. Private, Capt. Samuel Ward's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, fortifying posts 
at and about Boston. 

Beals, James. List of men in Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. who returned guns while at 
Trenton, Dec. 31, 1776. 

Beals, Job, Abington. Private, Capt. Thayer's (Independent) co. ; return of men in 
service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 16 yrs. 

Beals, John, Old York. Private, Capt. Samuel Darby's co., Col. James Scammon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 
days. 

Beals, John, Newton. Capt. Phineas Cook's co., Col. Gardner's regt. ; receipt for ad- 
vance pay dated Camp at Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private, Lieut. Col. 
Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beals, John, Roxbury. Private, Capt. Jacob Miller's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
(24th) regt.; company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Beals, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Read, Jr.'s co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; pay 
roll for 3 mos. 13 days service between Dec, 1776, and March, 1777. Roll dated 
Uxbridge. 

Beals, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Plullii)s's co., Lieut. Col. Timotliy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; service, 
3 mos. 10 days; marched to Ticonderoga. 

Beals, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., Col. Benjamin Haws's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on a secret expedition Sept. 27, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 
29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days. 

Beals, John. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; joined Jan. 12, 1778; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 22 days, at 
Cambridge. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 857 

Beals, Johx. Seaman, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jolin Cath- 
cart ; engaged June 24, 1779 ; discharged Sept. 6, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 14 days. 

Beals, Jonathan, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Joseph Trufant's co., Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; pay rolls for service from Aug. 2.j, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 4 mos. 
7 days, at Hull. 

Beals, Joseph, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's (1st Dorchester) co.. Col. 
Benjamin Gill's regt. ; service from June 13 to June 16, 1776, 3 days. 

Beals, Joseph. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; en- 
listed May 29, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. .30, 1776; service, 6 mos. 3 days, at 
Hull. 

Beals, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. Hancock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel Cushing's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; return of men in service Aug. 15, 1777 ; 
also, return dated Dec, 1778 ; also, muster rolls for Jan.-April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence. 

Beals, Joshua. Private, Lieut. Obadiah Beals's detachment of guards; enlisted Dec. 
12, 1775; roll made up to April 3, 1776; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at Hull Beach. 

Beals, Joshua, Hingham. Corporal, Capt. Seth Stowers's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted May 28, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 4 
days, at Hull; also, Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service 
at Hull, March 1, 1777 ; age, 19 yrs. 

Beals, Joshua, Cohasset. Capt. Job Cushing's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 18, 1775 ; also. 
Private, Capt. Thayer's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service at Hull, 
March 1, 1777 ; age, 32 yrs. 

Beals, Joshua. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's (2d) co.. Col. Paul Revere's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; pay roll for service fi-om Jan. 1, 1780, to Maj- 8, 1780, 4 mos. 8 days. 
Roll dated Boston. 

Beals, Joshua. Seaman, brigantine "Freedom," commanded by Capt. John Clous- 
ton; engaged Aug. 26, 1777; discharged March 11, 1778; service, 6 mos. 3 days. 

Beals, Joshua, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780; Capt. 
Loring's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 
in.; complexion, light; residence, Boston ; enlistment, 3 months ; marched under 
Brig. Gen. John Fellows. 

Beals, Joshua. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 10,1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 4 mos. 3 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; regiment raised in Sutfolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce 
Continental Army. 

Beals, Joshua, Jr. Private, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
enlisted June 7, 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 30, 1776; service, 5 mos. 24 days, at 
Hull. 

Beals, Josiah. Private, Capt. William Clark's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 13, 1780; discharged Oct. 18, 1780; service, 6 days; marched from 
AVindsor to Shaftesbury by order of Gen. Fellows ; also, Lieut. John Cole's co., 
Col. Simonds's regt.; enlisted Oct. 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 28, 1780; service, 
3 days ; marched from Windsor by order of Gen. Fellows on an alarm. 

Beals, Josiah, York. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of York for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 6, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 4, 1780; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 



858 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AKD SAILORS 

Beals, Matthias, York. Drummer, Colonel's CO., Col. Eljenezer Sprout's regt.; Con- 
tinental .\rmy pay accounts for service from Fel). 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. James Donnell's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1777; 
muster roll made up to March 20, 1777 ; also, muster return dated Camp at Valley 
Forge, Jan. 22, 1778. 

Beals, Nathan. Corporal, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Beals, Nathaniel. Seaman, brigantine " Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet ; 
engaged June 14, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 days. 

Beals, Obadiah, Cohasset. Lieutenant, acting as Captain of a detachment of guards; 
enlisted Dec. 12, 177"); roll made up to April 3, 1776; service, 3 mos. 24 days, at 
Hull Beach ; also. Captain ; marched to Dorchester March 4, 1770 ; service, o days ; 
also. Col. Solomon Lovell's regt.; company assembled at Hull June 14, 1776; 
service, 2 days. 

Beals, Reuben. Capt. Abel Thayer's co., Col. John Fellows's regt. ; order for l)Ounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 7, 1775. 

Beals, Samuel, Abington. Private, Capt. Pool's (Independent) co. ; return of men in 
service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 16 yrs. 

Beals, Samuel. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 4 mos. 18 days, at and 
about Boston; enlistment, 6 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Beaxs, Samuel. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burljeck's co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 1780; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1780 ; service, 12 mos., at Castle and Governor's Islands, under 
His Excellency John Hancock. 

Beals, Samuel, Hardwick. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. John Cutler's co., Col. Luke Drury's 
regt. ; marched July 10, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 3, 1781 ; service, 4 mos. 26 days. 

Beaxs, Seth, Wej'mouth. Private, Capt. Thayer's (Independent) co. ; return of men 
in service at Hull, March 1, 1777 ; age, 40 yrs. ; reported failed to pass muster. 

Beals, Seth. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co., Col. Benjamin Gill's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 24, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 19 days, in 
Northern department. 

Beals, Solomon, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Job Peirce's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotten's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; payroll for Oct., 1777, dated Middleborough; 
service at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Amos Washburn's co., Col. Wade's regt.; 
enlisted June 22, 1778; discharged July 17, 1778; service, 25 days, at Rhode 
Island ; also, Capt. Elisha Haskell's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's (Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; pay roll for service from July 29, 1778, to Sept. 11, 1778, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Beals, Thomas, Cambridge. Capt. Phineas Cook's co.. Col. Gardner's regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated Camp at Caml)ridge, June 27, 1775; also. Private, Capt. 
Cook's CO., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; conii)any return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beals, Uriah, Dorchester. Gunner, Capt. Pierce's co., Cul. Gridlcy's (Artillery) 
regt.; company return dated Roxbury Camp, Sept. 29, 1775. 

Beals, Ukiah. Sergeant, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
(Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 11 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to rein- 
force Continental Armv. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 859 

Beals, AVelcome, Hingham. Private, Lieut. Ohadiah Beals's detachment of guards; 
enlisted Dec. 12, 1775; roll made up to April 3, 1776; service, 3 nios. 24 days, at 
Hull Beach; also, Capt. Seth Stowers's co., Col. Josiah "Whitney's regt. ; enlisted 
June 2'), 1776; rolls made up to Nov. 30, 1776; service, 5 mos. 6 days, at Hull; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service at 
Hull, March 1, 1777 ; age, 23 yrs. 

Beals, Williaji. Private, Capt. John Walton's co. ; joined Sept. 4, 1778 ; discharged 
Sept. 11, 1778; service, 8 days. 

Beals, William, Brookfield (West Parish). Descriptive list of enlisted men dated 
May 1, 1778; Capt. Danforth's co., Col. Converse's regt. ; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Brookfield (West Parish). 

Beals, William. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; 
engaged March 10, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 7 days; also. 
Seaman, ship "Protector;" engaged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 4 mos. 21 days; 
reported captured May 5, 1781 ; also, pay roll for 15 mos. 6 days wages from May 
5, 1781, to date of return from captivity, Aug. 11, 1782. 

Beals, William, Raymondtown (also given Falmouth and Bradford). Return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. John Savory's (also given Capt. 
Joseph Dingley's) co., Col. Timothy Pike's (4th Cumberland Co.) regt., dated 
Bradford, Feb. 13, 1778 ; residence, Raymondtown ; enlisted for town of Brad- 
ford (East Parish) ; enlisted in Feb. or March, 1777 ; joined Capt. Nicholas 
Blasdel's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Capt, 
Blasdel's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster return dated Camp Valley Forge, 
Feb. 5, 1778 ; residence, Falmouth ; enlisted for town of Bradford ; mustered by 
Maj. Cushing, Muster Master ; also, list of men returned by committee for settling 
disputes between towns as to soldiers credited to them ; said Beals claimed by 
Raymond, credited to Bradford; also, Private, Capt. Smart's co.. Col. Calvin 
Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from March 2, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Blaisdell's co., Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp Valley Forge; also, muster 
roll for June, 1778, dated "Camp Greenage;" also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, 
sworn to at Providence ; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence ; enlisted March 30, 1777. 

Beals-worth, John. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Henrj- Jackson's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported 
deserted June 1, 1780, but a certificate on file states he was in service during the 
whole of 1780 and was still in service in 1783; also, pay roll for April, 1780; 
reported on command at Easton. [See John Beadsworth.] 

Bealy, Joseph, Kinderhook. Private, Capt. Daniel M'hiting's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 27, 1775 ; service, 
2 mos. 10 days. 

Bealy, Samuel, Andover. Private, Capt. Charles Furbush's co.. Col. Bridge's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 27, 1775; service, 23 days. 

Beam, John. Matross, Capt. Perez Cushing's (1st) co.. Col. Paul Revere's (Artillery) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Cai)t. Cushing's co., Lieut. Col. Revere's regt.; pay roll for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 8, 1780, 4 mos. 8 days, dated Boston. 

Beam, Nehemiah. Sergeant, Capt. Edward Grow's co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; pay 
roll made up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 21 days; company raised in York 
Co. 

Beamax, . [This name also appears under the form of Beam, Beamen, Beeman, 

Beemon, Bemain, Beman, Bemand, Bemant, Bement, Bemon, Bemont, Bernard.] 



860 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beaman, Aarojj, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Moses Barns's co., Lieut. Col. Solomon 
Pierce's reijt. ; enlisted May 24, 1779 ; roll made up to July 1, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 
7 days, at Tiverton, R. I. ; enlistment, 2 months. 

Beaman, Abkaham, "Westborouirli. Private, Capt. Seth Morse's co., Maj. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Beaman, Abkam, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co.. Col. Ward's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 [service not given] . 

Beaman, Ezra, Shrewsbury. Lieutenant, Capt. Robert Andrews's co., whicli marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Shrewsbury (2d Parish) to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 9 days; reported enlisted into the army; a/so, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Job 
Cushing's co.. Gen. Artemas Ward's regt. ; list of officers ; appointed May 19, 1775 ; 
commissioned May 25, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 
1775; also, Captain, 7th co., 6th Worcester Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned April 17 (also given April 5), 1776. 

Beamax, GinEON. Private, Capt. Ephraim Hartwell's co. of guards ; enlisted Oct. 23, 
1779; discharged April 20, 1780; service, 5 mos. 27 days, at Rutland. 

Beamax, Jabez, Lancaster. Fifer, Capt. John Gill's (6th) co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days. 

Beamax, Johx, Leominster. Matross, Capt. Daniel Lothrop's (7th) co., Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 27, 177G; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776; 
service, 5 mos. ; also, pay abstract for travel allowance, etc., dated Boston, June 
3, 1776. 

Beamax, Johx. Private, Capt. Joseph Stebbins's (also given Capt. Ephraim Jen- 
nings's) CO., Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 
1777 ; service, 1 mo. 1 day, on an expedition to the Northward. 

Beamax, Johx. Private, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. John Ilobbj-, Col. 
Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; pay roll for service from July 20, 1780, to Aug. 1, 
1780, 11 days; reported joined July 20, 1780. 

Beaman, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Maynard's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; muster rolls for Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1782; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel C. Allen's (8th) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Dec, 
1782-March, 1783 ; reported discharged April 16, 1783. 

Beamax, Joxas, Winchendon (also given Lancaster). Private, Capt. Ephraim Rich- 
ardson's CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 26, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 13 days ; also, company return dated Prospect 
Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Be.\.man, Joseph, Leominster. Sergeant, Capt. Joshua Wood's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 16 days. 

Beamax, Joseph, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co.. Col. John 
Whetcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of Ajjril 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 8 days; reported enlisted into the army; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's 
CO., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
27, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days. 

Beamax, Joseph. Capt. Abel Wilder's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 26, 1775. 

Beamax, Joseph. Private, Capt. Luke Wilder's co.. Col. Samuel Denney's (2d) regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 27, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claver- 
ack. Roll dated Albanv. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 861 

Beajian, Joseph, Lancaster. Trivate, Capt. John White's co., Col. Job Cushin^'s 
regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Beamax, JosKi'H. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 4 days, at Rhode 
Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Beama.v, Joseph, Lancaster. Private, Col. Seth "Warner's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 31, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, Capt. Simeon 
Smith's CO., Col. Warner's regt.; muster roll dated Fort George, June 11, 1780; 
enlisted March 31, 1780; enlistment, during war. 

Beaman, Nathaniel, Lancaster. 2d Lieutenant, 1st co., 2d Worcester Co. regt. ; list 
of ofTicers of3Iass. militia; commissioned March 11, 1778; also, Capt. John 
White's CO., Col. Ahijah Stearns's regt. ; pay roll for service from April 1, 1778, to 
July 2, 1778, at Boston; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Rugg, Jr.'s (1st) co.. 
Col. Josiah Whitney's (2d Worcester Co.) regt.; list of oflScers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned June 17, 1779. 

Beamax, Noah, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Beamax, Noah, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co.. Col. Samuel 
Denny's regt. ; enlisted Nov. 3, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 1 
daj', at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beamax, Samuel. List of prisoners sent from Newport, 11. 1., in the prison ship " Lord 
Sandwich " and landed at Bristol, March 7, 1778. 

Beamas, James, Sudbur.y. Private, Capt. Corey's co., Col. Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
7 days. 

Beamas, Jeremy. Private, Capt. Caleb Chapin's co.; return for clothing [year not 
given] . 

Beamas, Johx, Boston. Private, Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; company 
return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beamas, Johx, Richmond. Private, Col. Warner's regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, during war. 

Beamas, Joxas, Sudbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
AVheeler's co., Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not given] ; joined Capt. 
Haynes's co.. Col. WigglesAvorth's regt.; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beamex, Bexjajiix, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Daniel Robbins's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; re- 
turned April 29, 1775; service, 12 days; company made up from 2d and 13th cos. 
in said regt. 

Beamex, Gamaliel, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Daniel Robbins's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; re- 
turned April 30, 1775 ; service, 13 days ; company made up from 2d and 13th cos. 
in said regt. 

Beamex, Joxas, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Daniel Robbins's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 7 
days; reported enlisted into the army April 26, 1775; company made up from 2d 
and 13th cos. in said regt. 

Beamext, Johx. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 28, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 1 day, at 
Claverack. 



862 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAH^ORS 

Beament, Revben. Sergeant, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co., Col. Hopkins's (Berkshire 
Co.) rest.; enlisted July 1"), 1776; discharged Aug. 4, 1776; service, 20 days; 
marched to the Highlands, N. Y., on an alarm ; also, Capt. Elijah Deming's co., 
Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 
1777; service, 30 days; ordered to Stillwater by Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Beament, William. Armorer, Col. John Fellows's regt. ; list of officers to be com- 
missioned dated Koxbury Camp, Maj' 31, 1775; commissioned June 7, 1775. 
[Name crossed out on list.] 

Beamis, Daniel, AVeston. Capt. Nathan Fuller's co., Col. M'illiam Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Prospect Hill, Oct. 29, 1775. 

Beamis, David, Jr., Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co., Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days. 

Beamis, John, Weston. Capt. Nathan Fuller's co., Col. Williani Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Prospect Hill, Oct. 29, 1775. 

Beamis, John, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 4 days; also, Capt. llaynes's co., 
Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 
1775; service, 90 days; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 1 mo. 1 day. 

BE.VMIS, John. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Camj) at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported 
re-engaged Nov. 15, 1776, in Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. 

Beamis, John. Corporal, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported 
on command at the saw-mill. 

Beamis, Jonas. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Nov. 22, 1776; reported 
sick in hospital. 

Beamis, Thomas, Westminster. List of men drafted from Worcester Co. militia to go 
to Horse Neck under Col. Converse [year not given] ; drafted to Capt. Edgell's 
(Westminster) co., but failed to join regt. 

Beamiss, Isaac. Private, Capt. Parker's (also given Capt. Nichols's) co.. Col. Jedutliun 
Baldwin's regt. of artificers; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
March 19, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of Winchendon. 

Beamos, Reiben. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; 
pay roll for service from Feb. 3, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos., at Cambridge. 

Beamos, Sylvester. Private, Capt. Francis Wilson's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 21, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at 
Claverack ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army in New York. Roll 
sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Beamovs, Daniel. Private, Capt. David Goodwin's co.. Col. Cogswell's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 2, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 3 nios., fortifying posts at and 
about Boston. 

Beams, John, Boston. Pa}- roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Boston for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 2, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 21, 1780; service, 6 mos. 1 day; reported Matross in Col. Crane's regt. [See 
John Barnes.] 

Beami's, James, Weston. Private, Capt. Timothy Corey's (7th) co.. Col. Baldwin's 
(late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; company return dated Scwall's Point, Sept. 27, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE KEVOLUTIOX. 863 

Beamvs, James. Private, Lieut. Abner Dwelley's co. ; enlisted July 20, 1777; dis- 
charged July 31, 1777; service, 16 days; marched on expedition to Manchester. 
Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Beamus, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Warner's co., Col. Ilugijles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 21 days, 
in Northern dei)artment. 

Beamus, John, Jr. Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Bean, . [This name also appears under the form of Beam, Beane, Been.] 

Bean, Aknek. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co. ; enlisted Sept. 16, 1775; discharged 
Dec. 31, 1775; service, 3 mos. 22 days, at Machias ; also, Lieut. Joel Whitney's 
CO., Col. Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt.; discharged Oct. 7, 1777; service, 2 mos. 19 
days, at Machias ; also, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt ; service, 7 
days, at Machias, between Aug. 31, 1779, and Nov. 20, 1779. 

Bean, Auraham, York. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not given] ; 
also, list of men returned by the committee for settling disputes between towns 
as to soldiers credited to them ; said Bean claimed by Easton, credited to York. 

Bean, Benjamin, Hampstead. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of 
April 20, 1778; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; 
e.ves, light; enlistment, 9 months from time of arrival at Fishkill, June 23, 1778; 
residence, Hampstead ; enlisted for town of Salem. 

Bean, Benjamin. Private, r2th Mass. regt. ; depreciation roll to make good the depre- 
ciation of wages for the first 3 years in the Continental Army from 1777 to 1780 ; 
reported not mustered. 

Bean, Caleb, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship "Jack," com- 
manded by Capt. Nathan Brown, dated July 1, 1780; age, 26 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Bean, Cleaves. Master, brig " Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; commis- 
sioned June 2, 1779; also, pay roll for service from May 4, 1779, to Aug. 31, 1779, 
3 mos. 28 days. 

Bean, Cyrus. Private, Lieut. Hezekiah Ware's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's (4th 
Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted June 22, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 22 
days, at Rhode Island. 

Bean, Ctrus. Corporal, Capt. Ebenezer Battelle's co.. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt.; 
enlisted May 14, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Bean, Ctrus, Wrentham. Matross, Capt. Perez Cushing's (9th) co.. Col. Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; enlisted Nov. 9, 1776; rolls made up to May 8, 1777; service, 5 
mos. 28 days ; also, pay roll for travel allowance from Wrentham to camp at 
Boston, sworn to Dec. 7, 1776. 

Bean, Ctrus. Private, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at Rhode Island ; company detached 
for 4 weeks service. Roll sworn to at Wrentham. 

Bean, Daniel, York. Private, Capt. Darby's co., Col. Scammon's regt.; company 
return [probably Aug., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775. 

Bean, Daniel, Pearsontown. Private, Capt. Wentworth Stuart's co.. Col. Edmund 
Phinney's (31st) regt. ; billeting roll from time of enlistment to date of marching 
to Headquarters July 12, 1775, equivalent to 57 days ; also, company return dated 
Sept. 29, 1775 ; enlisted May 16, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775; also, Capt. Samuel Whit- 
more's co., Col. Reuben Fogg's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage [year not given]. 



S64z MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bean, Daniel, Rowle.v. Private, Capt. Richard Peabody's co.. Col. Edward Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Ticonderoga home, in 1776. 

Bean, Daniel. Seaman, sloop "Machias Liberty," commanded l)y Capt. Jeremiah 
O'Brian; engaged March 1, 1776; discharged Jul.v 20, 1776; service, 4 mos. 19 days. 

Bean, Daniel, Candia. List of men in Capt. Thomas Melville's (2d) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt., who received bounty for 8 mos. service from April 30, 
1777, to Dec. 30, 1777; also. Gunner, Capt. Turner Phillips's (8th) co., Col. 
Crafts's regt.; pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to Aug. 1, 1777, 2 mos. 
24 days. 

Bean, David, Richmond. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Raymond's and Capt. IliU's cos. [year not given] ; residence, Richmond ; enlisted 
for New York State. 

Bean, James. Private, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's regt. ; dis- 
charged Sept. 27, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at Machias on three alarms. 

Bean, James. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Buck's co. of volunteers, Col. Josiah Brewer's 
regt.. Gen. Lovell's brigade; enlisted July 30, 1779; discharged Aug. 14, 1779; 
service, 18 days, on expedition to Penobscot. 

Bean, James. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Junius Brutus," com- 
manded by Capt. John Leach, dated Salem, June I'l, 1780; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; reported a foreigner. 

Bean, Jeremiah. Private, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; en- 
listed June 1, 1778 ; discharged Feb. 16, 1779; service, 8 mos. 29 days ; enlistment, 
8 months from time of arrival at Peekskill; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated 
Fort Clinton ; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Bean, John, Newbury. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 23 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, fresh; residence, Newbury; arrived at Spring- 
field July 14, 1780; marched to camp July 14, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Hancock ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780. 

Bean, John, Beverly. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; 
enlisted May 29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bean, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Eleazer Crabtree's co. ; enlisted Aug. 26, 1775; roll 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 4 mos. 15 days, at Frenchman's Ba}-; also, 2d 
Lieutenant, Cai)t. Samuel Libbey's (4th) co., fitli I^incoln Co. regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia [year not given] ; also, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Foster's regt. ; discharged Oct. 7, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 12 days, at Machias, on 
three alarms. 

Bean, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Sawyer's co.. Col. Edmund Pliinney's 
regt.; muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Dec. 6, 
1775; reported deserted Sept. 1, 1776. 

Bean, Jonathan. Receipt for bounty paid him by John Thurston of Class No. 1 of 
the town of Newbury, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Worcester, May 28, 1782. 

Bean, Jonathan, Jr., Pearsontown (also given New Gloucester). Descriptive list of 
men enlisted from Cumlierland Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their 
arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 1778 ; Capt. Shaw's co.. Col. Fogg's regt. ; age, 23 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark ; residence, Pearsontown ; reported mustered 
May 26, 1778, out of Gen. Thompson's brigade; also. Private, Col. Benjamin 
Tupper's (15th) regt.; muster roll for March, 1779, dated West Point; enlisted 
June 14, 1778; discharged March 14, 1779; enlistment, 9 months. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 865 

Bean, Nathaniel, Salem. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; ajje, 18 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, lisrlit; residence, Salem; arrived at Springfield 
July 22, 1780; marched to camp July 22, 1780, under command of Capt. William 
Scott ; also, list of men raised for the G months service and returned hy Bri". Gen. 
Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; 
also, pay roll for G months men raised hy the town of Salem for service in the 
Continental Arin^- during 1780; marched July 23, 1780; discharged Dec. 17, 1780; 
service, 5 mos. 7 daj's. 

Beax, Neheaiiah. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Philip Hubbard's co., York Co. re,gt. ; list of 
sea-coast officers stationed at Kittery Point; commissioned Jan. 16, 1776; also, 
1st Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Nason's (Artillery) co., York Co. regt. ; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia; commissioned Dec. 9, 1777. 

Beax, Rodert, Manchester. Capt. Benjamin Kiml)airs co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 15, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 22 days ; also, company 
return dated Winter Hill, Oct. G, 1775; also, Capt. Kimball's co., Col. Israel 
Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775. 

Bean, Thomas, Wrentham. Private, Capt. Oliver Pond's co.. Col. Joseph Read's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 7 
days; also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775 ; also, Capt. Lewis Whit- 
ing's CO., Col. Wheelock's regt. ; return of men in camp at Ticonderoga, Aug. 27, 
1776 ; age, 18 yrs. ; also, Lieut. Hezekiah Ware's co.. Col. Haws's (4th Suffolk Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 18 days, at Rhode 
Island ; also, Capt. Samuel Fisher's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days, at Rhode Island ; company detached for 4 
weeks service. 

Beax, Thomas. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Battelle's co.. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt.; 
enlisted May 14, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 21 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Beax, Thomas. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co., Maj. Seth Bullard's (4th Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; marched to Rhode Island July 28, 1780, on an alarm; discharged 
Aug. 3, 1780; service, 9 days. 

Bean, William, Marblehead. Capt. John Selman's (8th) co.. Col. John Glover's 
(21st) regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also. Pri- 
vate; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 25, 1775; service, 2\ mos. 5 
days ; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 9, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Marblehead, Jan. 3, 1776. 

Bean, William, Fitchburg. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Bridge's co., Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; re- 
turned April 25, 1775; service, G days; also, Capt. John Fuller's co., Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. i day; also, receipts for wages for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated Pros- 
pect Hill; also, compan}' return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 14, 1775; also, Capt. James 
Myrick's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Oct. 26, 1778; discharged 
Dec. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 20 days, at and about Boston. 

Beax, William. Private, Capt William Thurlow's co., Maj. Ebenezer Bridge's regt ; 
service, 25 days, at Saratoga, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 22, 1777. 

Beane, Asa. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezer Thompson's (8th) co., 1st Plymouth Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June G, 1776. 



S6(y MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beanond, Ansel. Prfvate, Capt. Miller's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 1, 1777, to Oct. 20, 1777; reported 
deceased. 

Bear, . [This name also appears under the form of Bare.] 

Beak, Alexis, Boston (also given Lancaster). I'rivate, Capt. Thomas Turner's (9th) 
CO., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 21, 1779, to April 2"), 1779; enlistment, during war; "reported deserted April 
25, 1779; also, muster roll for Aiuil, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; enlisted July 21, 1779. 

Beak, Ambrose. Captain of a company of Indians, Col. Jonathan Eddy's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 20, 1776; discharged Dec. 16, 1776; service, 1 mo. 27 days, at Fort 
Cumberland, N. S. 

Bear, Charles. Private, Capt. AmI)rose Bear's co. of Indians, Col. Jonathan Eddy's 
regt. ; enlisted Oct. 20, 1776 ; discharged Dec. 16, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 27 days, at 
Fort Cumberland, N. S. 

Bear, Samuel, Manchester. Capt. Benjamin Kiml)airs co.. Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also, Private, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 27, 1775; service, 2 mos. 10 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, Capt. Kimball's co., Col. Israel 
Hutcliinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775; also, Capt. Richard Dodge's co.. Col. Loammi Bald- 
win's (26th) regt. ; pay abstract for April, 1776. 

Bearce, Asa, Halifax. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Ebenezcr Thompson's (8th) co.. Col. 
Gamaliel Bradford's (1st Plymouth Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned June 6, 1776. 

Bearce, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Job Crocker's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; 
enlisted July 2, 1777 ; discharged Dec. 12, 1777, service, 5 mos. 19 days, at Rhode 
Island and various places in Massachusetts. 

Bearce, Ebenezer, Pembroke. Deputy Quartermaster; receipt for rations for Gen. 
Thomas's regt., dated Roxbury, June 30, 1775; also, Sergeant, Capt. Fi'eedom 
Chamberlain's co.. Gen. John Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted Maj' 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John 
Ford's (Pembroke) Mth co., 2d Plymouth Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned May 10, 1776; also, Capt. John Turner's co., Col. The- 
ophilus Cotton's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island Sept. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 
days. 

Bearce, Gideon. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as returned July 26, 1777 ; 
Capt. Cole's co., Col. Robinson's regt.; also, Private, Capt. Calvin Partridge's 
CO., Col. Josiah Whitney's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; marched to Rhode Island July 
30, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days. Roll sworn to at 
Boston. 

Bearce, Ichabod. Private, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Nov. 6, 1777; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 27 
days, at Cambridge. 

Bearce, Isaiah, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Elijah Cushing's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Pembroke (West Parish) to Marslifield; service, 
2 days ; also, Capt. John Turner's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; marched 
to Rhode Island Sept. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 3 days. 

Bearce, Jacob, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Elijah Cushing's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Pembroke (West Parish) to Marshfield ; ser- 
vice, 2 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 867 

Beakck, James, Barnstable. Private, 6th co.. Cul. Bradford's regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 14, 1777, to Nov. 10, 1777; reported deceased; 
also, Capt. John Russell's co., Col. Bradford's regt.; pay roll for rations from 
date of enlistment, Jan. 10, 1777, to March 21, 1777; marched from Boston to 
Bennington. 

Bearce, Jon. Order for wages for 3 mos. service at Bristol, K. I., payable to Capt. 
Nathan Alden, dated Bristol, March 7, 1777. 

Bearce, Job. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Alden's co., Maj. Cary's regt.; marched to 
Rhode Island on the alarm of July 30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; service, 
11 days. 

Bearce, Jonathan, Plantation No. 5. Private, Capt. William Ward's co., (late) Col. 
Ezra May's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 22, 
1777 ; service, 5 daj-s ; marched to Bennington on an alarm. 

Bearce, Seth, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Elijah Cushing's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Pembroke (West Parish) to Marshfield; service, 2 
days. 

Bearce, Thomas, Kingston. Private, Capt. Wadsworth's co.. Col. Cotton's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, Capt. Freedom Chamberlin's co.. Col. 
Cary's regt. ; return of men in service at Cortlandt Manor, Nov. 22, 1776. 

Beard, . [This name also appears under the form of Baird, Bard, Beaird, Bearde, 

Beards, Beeard, Biard.] 

Beard, Aaron, Becket. Private, Capt. Thomas Williams's co., Col. John Paterson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 18, 1775; service, 13 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp No. 3, Charlestown, Nov. -t, 1775. 

Beard, Aaron. Private, Capt. Asa Stower's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 26 days; marched to Saratoga; 
also, Corporal, Capt. John Strong's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 6, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 2, 1777 ; service, 26 days, with Northern 
army. 

Beard, Aaron. Private, Capt. Samuel Goodrich's co., Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1779; discharged Aug. 22, 1779; service, 
1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. 

Beard, Auel, Woburn. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 16 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Woburn ; arrived at Springfield 
July 15, 1780; marched to camp July 15, 1780, under command of Capt. James 
Cooper ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having i)assed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Woljurn for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 12, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 15, 1781; service, 6 mos. 14 days; also. Private, Capt. Phineas Bowman's 
CO., Col. Rufus Putnam's (15th) regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West 
Point; enlisted July 15, 1780; discharged Jan. 14, 1781; enlistment, 6 months; 
also, Capt. Samuel Tay's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 14, 1781 ; 
discharged Dec. 1, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 28 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; regiment 
raised in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Beard, Abijah, Billerica. Private, Lieut. Oliver Crosby's (3d Billerica) co.. Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, Capt. 
Jonathan Stickney's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, company return 
dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Nov. 16, 1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental .\rmy from 



868 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beabd, Akijah, coyitinued. 

Capt. Edward Farmer's co., 7th Middlesex Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1778 ; joined 
Capt. Allen's co., Col. Edward AVigj^leswortli's regt.; enlistment, 3 j-ears; also, 
Corporal, Capt. Noah Allen's co., Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, muster rolls for March and May, 1778, dated Valley Forge ; also, muster roll 
for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich; also, Capt. Allen's co., (late) Col. Wig- 
clesworth's regt., commanded by Maj. Porter; muster roll for March and April, 
1779, dated Providence; appointed March 4, 1777; also, Capt. Allen's co., Col. 
Smith's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
March 1, 1780. 

Beard, Abijah. Private, Capt. Amos Foster's co.. Col. Cyprian How's (7th Middle- 
sex) Co. regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 
days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beard, Amos, Hartwood. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co., Col. Paterson's regt., 
which marched April 23, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
Becket to Cambridge; service, 13 days. 

Beard, Amos. Private, Capt. Peter Porter's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; pay roll 
for mileage dated Dec. 1, 1776. 

Beard, Amos. Private, Lieut. Jabez Cornish's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; marched 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 22, 1777 ; service, 9 days, at Bennington. 

Beard, Amos. List of men in Capt. Williams's co., who came forward ■^^^th Col. Pat- 
terson, but did not enlist [year not given] . 

Beard, Andrew, Westminster. Private, Capt. Noah Miles's co., Col. John Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 
114 days. 

Beard, Andrew, Reading. Private, Capt. Thomas Eaton's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1 day. 

Beard, Asa, Becket. Private, Capt. Thomas Williams's co., Col. Paterson's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 18, 1775; service, 13 days; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Beard, Benjamin, Billerica. Private, Lieut. Oliver Crosby's (3d Billerica) co.. Col. 
Green's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ;' service, 5 days ; also, 
Capt. Farmer's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 8, 
1777; service, 41 days; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Beard, Cleveland, Reading. List of men belonging to the train band under Capt. 
Thomas Eaton [year not given] ; also, Capt. John Bacheller's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 6, 1775; also. 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
14 days; also, company return dated Cambridge, Sept. 25, 1775. 

Beard, Daniel. Sergeant. Capt. Benjamin Flagg's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Beard, David, Wilmington. Sergeant, Capt. Cadwallader Ford, Jr.'s co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord; service, 
21 days ; reported as belonging to train band from March 9, 1775, to June 30, 1775 ; 
also, receipt for wages dated May 6, 1770, given to Capt. Ford ; also, list of men 
who performed turns of service in the Crown Point expedition in July, 1776; 
reported hired l)y John Eames and Zebediah Buck; also, Capt. Ford's co.. Col. 
Eleazer Brooks's regt. of guards; enlisted Nov. 5. 1777; rolls made up to April 
3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 29 days, at Fort No. 2, Cambridge, guarding troops 
of convention; also, muster roll for Dec, 1777, and Jan., 1778; reported on 
furlough. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 869 

Beard, Ebenezer, "Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co., Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7i days ; also, Capt. 
John Harnden's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's (27th) regt.; order for advance pay 
dated Camp at Cambridge, June 6, 177."); also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; also, company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 28, 1775; 
also, list of men credited with one turn of service on the Crown Point expedition, 
Sept. 17, 1776. 

Beakd, Ebenezer. Sergeant, Capt. Freedom Chamberlin's co.. Gen. John Thomas's 
regt. ; list of men [year not given] . 

Beard, Ebenezer, Jr., Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co.. Col. 
Green's regt., whidi marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7^ days; 
also, list of men credited with turns of service on the Crown Point expedition, 
Sept. 17, 1776; reported hired by Joel Carter; also, list of men raised to relieve 
guards at Prospect Hill for 2 months, dated Feb. 9, 1778 ; also, receipt for wages 
signed by said Beard and others in Capt. Cadwallader Ford's co., dated Wilming- 
ton, May 22, 1778. 

Beard, Edward, Wilmington (probably). List of men credited with one turn of ser- 
vice on the Crown Point expedition, Sept. 17, 1776 ; also, list of men raised by the 
Committee of Safety to reinforce Northern army Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, list of men 
raised to relieve guards at Prospect Hill for 2 months, dated Feb. 9, 1778 ; also, 
receipt for wages signed by said Beard and others in Capt. Cadwallader Ford's 
CO., dated Wilmington, May 22, 1778. 

Beard, Isaac, Billerica. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co., Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Amos 
Foster's co.. Col. Cyprian How's (7th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 28, 
1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; also, Capt. Samuel Tay's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 13, 1781; discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 2 mos. 29 days; enlistment, 3 
months ; regiment raised in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army. 

Beard, Ithamar. Drummer, Capt. Amos Foster's co., Col. Cyprian How's (7th 
Middlesex Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 
3 mos. 8 days, at Rhode Island; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beard, Jacob, List of men apparently made to show turns of service performed on 
short alarms [neither locality nor date given] . 

Beard, Jacob, Jr., Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co.. Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; ser%ice, 5 days. 

Beard, James. Private, Capt. Daniel Sacket's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 27, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days, in Northern 
department. 

Beard, Jasox, Tewksbm-y. Private, Capt. Jonathan Brown's co., Col. David Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Beard, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's regt. ; 
enlisted July 9, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 15 days, at 
Penobscot. 

Beard, John, Manchester (also given Providence). Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. 
Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 
17, 1778, to May 18, 1779 ; reported deserted May 18, 1779 ; also. Sergeant, Lieut. 
Mel. L. Woolsey's co., Lieut. Col. William S. Smith's regt. ; pay rolls for service 
from March 17, 1778, to May 1, 1778, and from Sept. 30, 1778, to Dec. 1, 1778, 
3 mos. 14 days; also, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co., Col. Jackson's regt.; muster 
roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet ; enlisted March 17, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 years. 



870 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beard, Jonathan, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. Jolin Trull's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Bridire's (27th) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
9 days ; also, Capt. Benjamin Walker's co.. Col. Bridge'sregt. ; receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted 
April 28. 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days; n/so, company i-eturn [probably Oct., 
1775] ; alio, list of men who received money from the puljlic treasury for losses 
at battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; warrant allowed in Council, June 13, 
1776; also, Capt. Farmer's co.. Col. Reed's regt.; enlisted Sept. 29, 1777; dis- 
charged Nov. 8, 1777 ; service, 41 days ; marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Beard, Jo's, Blandford. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowle's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 1, 1778; service, 5 mos. G days, at Rhode Island; enlistment to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Beard, Joseph, Westminster. Corporal, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co., Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 5 days; also, Private, Capt. Edmund Beniis's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; 
also, receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill ; also, compan.y return 
[probably Oct., 1775] . 

Beard, Joseph, Westfield. Private, Capt. Reuben Munn's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance dated Roxbury, Sept. 17, 1776 ; also, pay 
abstract for travel allowance dated Boston, Nov. 26, 1776. 

Beard, Josiah, Billerica. Private, Capt. Jonathan Stickney's co.. Col. Bridge'sregt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 days; 
also, company return dated Sept. 25, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. Edward Farmer's CO., 7th Middlesex Co. regt., dated 
Feb. 16, 17^8; joined Capt. Bancroft's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; reported mustered by Nathaniel Barlter, Muster Master; also, 
Capt. James Bancroft's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Beard, Josiah, Becket. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Becket for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched Juh^ 21, 1780; discharged 
Nov. 30, 1780 ; service, 4 mos. 15 daj's. 

Beard, Josiah. Private, Capt. Isaac Marsh's co.. Col. Sears's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
mustered July 21, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at Fort 
Plains, Tryon Co., under Bi-ig. Gen. Stark. 

Beard, Kimball. Private, Capt. Isaac Marsh's co.. Col. Sears's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; 
mustered July 21, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 2, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at Fort 
Plains, Tryon Co., under Brig. Gen. Stark. 

Beard, Moses Gad, Boston. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Suffolk 
Co. as returned by Col. Benjamin Gill, June 27, 1777 ; residence, Boston ; enlisted 
for town of Stoughton ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beard, Nathax. Private, Capt. Jonas Richardson's co., Col. James Frye's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted April 29, 1775; reported absent. 

Beard, Nathan, Wilmington. Private, Capt. Cadwallader Ford, Jr.'s co.. Col. Eben- 
ezer Bridge's (27th) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Concord; service, 12 days; reported as belonging to train l)and from March 9, 
1775, to June 30, 1775; also, Capt. John Harnden's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
regt.; receipt for advance paj' dated Camp at Cambridge, June 22, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 2, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; also, 
company return [proljably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in money, dated April 5, 1776; also, receipt for wages as minute-man given 
to Capt. Ford, dated Wilmington, April 29, 1776; also, receipt for liounty jiaid 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 871 

Beaud, Nathax, continued. 

bim for enlisting into Continental Army for 3 years, dated "Wilmington, April 22, 
1777 ; also, list of men raised by Committee of Safety to reinforce Northern army, 
Aug. 1."), 1777; also, 7th co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported invalided ; 
also, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids ; pay roll for service from April 
29, 1778, to Oct. 1, 1778, dated Boston; also, Capt. Danforth's co., Col. Nixon's 
regt.; return of men in service Aug. l.j, 1777, dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1779; also, 
Lieut. Osgood Carleton's co. of invalids, Col. Lewis Nicola's regt. ; muster rolls 
for Aug., Sept. and Oct., 1779; stationed at Boston; reported sick and absent in 
Oct., 1779; also, Capt. McFarland's invalid corps; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 6, 1780 ; reported discharged. 

Beard, Nathax, Jr., AVilmington (also gi.ven Oburn). Private, Capt. Timothy 
"Walker's co., Col. Green's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 3 days; a^so, Capt. John Harnden's co., Col. Ebenezer Bridge's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 1 mo. 11 days; 
also, Matross, Capt. Samuel Gridley's co.. Col. Richard Gridlej-'s (Artillery) regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 6, 1775; service, 2 mos. ; also, Capt. 
Harnden's co.. Col. Bridge's regt. ; order for Iiounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Dec. 28, 1775; also, petition dated Wilmington, March 31, 1777, signed by 
said Beard, stating that he was transferred from Capt. Harnden's co. to Capt. Grid- 
ley's CO. in 1775, and that he lost 1 months wages in the transfer ; reported served 
in the army 3 years ; also, list of men raised by the Committee of Safety to reinforce 
Northern army Aug. 15, 1777; also. Private, Capt. Cad wallader Ford's co., Col. 
Eleazer Brooks's regt. of guards ; enlisted Nov. 5, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 
1778 ; service, 4 mos. 29 days, at Fort No. 2, Cambridge, guarding troops of conven- 
tion ; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 27, 1778; Capt. Ford's co., 
Col. Fox's (3d) regt.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; residence, Wilmington; 
also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co., agreeable to resolve of 
Dec. 2, 1780; age, 24 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10^ in.; complexion, light; hair, light; 
ej'es, gray; occupation, farmer; residence, Wilmington ; enlisted April 1, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Beard, Prixce, Dartmouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. o in.; complexion, black; 
occupation, laborer; residence, Dartmouth; enlisted June 21, 1781; joined Col. 
Shepard's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported marched to Springfield to join 
regiment; a^so, Private, Capt. Daniel Pilsbury's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(late Nixon's) 6th regt. ; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782; reported sick 
in Sept., 1782. 

Beard, Reubex, Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co.. Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Beard, Samuel, Wilmington. Private, Capt. Timothy Walker's co.. Col. Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; senice, 4^ days. 

Beard, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Elden's co. ; service, 4 days, on " alarm at Fal- 
mouth the daj- it was set on fire by the enemy ; marched to assist in preventing the 
enemy's landing " [.vear not given] ; roll dated Buxton, Dec. 14, 1775. 

Beard, William, Reading. Private, Capt. Thomas Eaton's co.. Col. Green's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days. 

Beard, William. Receipt for wages and mileage given to Capt. John Ford dated 
Ticonderoga, Aug. 28, 1776; also, receipt for wages given to Capt. John Ford 
dated Ticonderoga, Oct. 2, 1776. 



872 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAH^ORS 

Beard, "William. Private, Capt. J. B. Varnum's co.,Col. Spauldiug's regt. ; abstract 
of equipments for train band for 1777 ; also, list of men who served for 5 mos. at 
Canada in the 2d co. of Dracut, to the credit of the town of Dracut, by order of 
Contrress of June, 1777; reported hired b\' Caleb Sawyer; also, list of men who 
served for 3 mos. from Aug., 1777, to Dec., 1777, in 2d Dracut co. ; reported hired 
by George Burns ; also, list of men who served for 3 mos. in 2d Dracut co. guard- 
ing the lines, agreeable to resolve of Feb., 1778. 

Beard, "William. List of men returned as belonging to train Itand of Reading, under 
Capt. Thomas Eaton [year not given] . 

Beard, William, Pittsfield. List of men who marched to Quebec Jan. 23, 1776, and 
were dismissed June 20, 1776; service, 21 weeks 5 days ; also, Private, Capt. John 
Strong's CO., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; list of men who marched 
to Fort Ann June 30, 1777, and were dismissed July 26, 1777 ; service, 3 weeks 
5 days ; also, list of men who were ordered by General Court to march to head- 
quarters June 1, 1778, and were dismissed Feb. 1, 1779; enlistment, 8 months. 

Beard, William. Private, Capt. Stephen Russell's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 28 days, with 
Gen. Warner's brigade in Northern department. Roll dated Dracut. 

Beard, William. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Feb. 20, 1778; roll made up to May 20, 1778; service, 3 mos., at 
Bunker Hill; also, Capt. Stephen Webster's co., Col. Gerrish's regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 19 days, at Claverack; 
regiment raised in Suffolk and Essex counties to reinforce army under Gen. 
Washington. 

Be.\rd, William, Haverhill. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of G months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Haverhill; arrived at Springfield 
July 6, 1780; marched to camp July 7, 1780, under command of Capt. Dix; also, 
list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson 
as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Beards, John. Receipt for wages and mileage given to Capt. John Ford dated Ticon- 
deroga, Aug. 28, 1776. 

Beardslet, . [This name also appears under the form of Badgeley, Badsley.] 

Beardsley, AniJAii. Marine, sloop " Enterprise," commanded by Capt. John P. 
Sloan; engaged May 7, 1775; discharged July 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 7 days. 

Bearn, AxDHinv, Weston. Descriptive list of men enlisted fi-om Middlesex Co., 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, 
light; hair, gray (also given brown) ; eyes, brown (also given gray) ; occupation, 
farmer (also given laborer) ; residence, Weston ; enlisted Feb. 28, 1781 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Bearxs, Ebenezek, Maiden. Private, Capt. Hatch's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt. ; companj- return dated Maiden, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bearrey, Elisha. Private, Capt. Alnjah Bangs's co. ; pay abstract for 2 days service 
dated Harwich, Nov. 7, 1778, guarding prisoners from the ship "Somerset" at 
Harwich and thence to Yarmouth. 

Bearry, Scato. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co. ; pay abstract for 2 days service 
dated Hanvich, Nov. 7, 1778, guarding prisoners from the ship "Somerset" at 
Harwich and thence to Yarmouth. 

Bears, Daxikl. 2d Lieutenant, sloop " Providence," commanded by Capt. J. P. Rath- 
Ijurn ; list of men entitled to prize shares in the schooner " Loyalty," etc. [year 
not given] . 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 873 

Bears, Ephraim. Seaman, brigantine " Hawk," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Oakes ; engaged May 3, 1777 ; ser\-ice, 1 mo., with the fleet under Commodore 
John Manley. 

Bears, John. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 22, 1777; service, 96 
days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Beaks, Johx. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards ; enlisted April 1, 1778 ; discharged July 2, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days, 
at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778; also, Cai)t. John Cutler's 
CO., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; muster roll dated East Gi-eenwich, Nov. C, 
1778 ; discharged Nov. 1, 1778 ; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Bears, Peleg, a^jas Phelick. Drummer, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late 
AVigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 9, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Fifer, Capt. Peter Page's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; enlisted April 17, 
1779; also, Drummer, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 
6 mos. as Private, and 6 mos. as Drummer; enlistment, during war. 

Bears, Peleg. Private, (late) Capt. Smart's co., 3d regt. ; pay abstract for clothing 
dated July 1, 1781 ; reported transferred to light infantry. 

Bears, Prince. Private, Capt. John Grannis's co., commanded by Lieut. James 
Blossom; pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 2 mos. 21 days, 
at Elizabeth Islands. 

Bears, S.oiuel. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Jan. 6, 1777; discharged March 22, 1777; service, 75 
days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Bears, Spencer, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 30 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Rehoboth ; arrived at Spring- 
field Aug. 2, 1780 ; marched to camp Aug. 2, 1780, under command of Lieut. Ben- 
jamin Pike. 

Bears, William, Boston. Drummer, Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt. ; company return dated Roxbury Camp, Sept. 29, 1775. 

Bears, AVilliam. Private, Capt. John Homes's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) regt. 
of guards; enlisted April 19, 1778; roll made up to July 4, 1778; service, 2 mos. 
14 days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Bears, William. Drummer, Capt. Solomon Pollard's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 23, 1779; dischargedDec. 4, 1779; service, 1 mo. 12 days ; enlistment, 
3 months ; marched to Claverack. Roll dated Billerica. 

Bears, William, Reading. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Reading; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay. 

Bearse, . [This name also appears under the form of Barce, Barns, Bars, Barse, 

Barss, Bas, Bass, Beace, Bean, Bearce, Bears, Beer, Beers, Bcirce, Berce, Berse, 
Bierce, Boorce, Burs, Burss.] 

Bearse, David, Barnstable. Sergeant, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co.. Col. Joseph Otis's 
regt., which marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 2 days. 

Bearse, Edward. Private, Capt. Jacob Lovell's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; service, 
9 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth. 



874 ^lASSACIIUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bearse, Gershom. Capt. Jacob Lovell's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 9 days, in 
Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Bearse, James, Barnstable. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Barnstable Co. dated May 10, 1778; joined Capt. John Russell's co.. Col. 
Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, during war (also given as expiring Jan., 
1780) ; reported mustered by Joseph Otis, Muster Master, Feb. 15, 1777. 

Bearse, Job. Private, Capt. David Kingman's co., Col. Edward Mitchell's regt. ; ser- 
vice, 6 days, in March, 1776, on an alarm at Squantum. 

Bearse, Samuel. Private, Capt. Jacob Lovell's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
6 days, in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Beary, Benjamix, Danvers. Private, Major's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to July 6, 1777 ; reported 
taken prisoner July 6, 1777. 

Beary, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Mayo's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; enlisted Nov 
3, 1777 ; roll made up to Fel). 3, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., with guards at Cambridge. 

Beary, William, Danvers. Private, Capt. Stephen Wilkins's co.. Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home, sworn to 
Jan. 15, 1777. 

Beasom, John, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Thomas Grant's co., Col. John Glover's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 21 
days. 

Beasom, Timothy. Private, Capt. Wells's co.. Col. Wliitcomb's regt.; list of men on 
an equipment roll [year not given] . 

Beason, Sock (also given Sago). Private, Lieut. Andrew Gilman's co. ; pay al)stract 
for provisions from Nov. 2, 1776, to Jan. 22, 1778, 417 days, dated Boston, Feb. 
26, 1778; stationed at Penobscot River; also, pay I'oll for 15 days service; dis- 
charged Jan. 22, 1778, agreeable to resolve, but not informed of same until Feb. 7, 
1778; reported an Indian. 

Beastow, James, Duxbury. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Marshall's 
regt.; abstract for advance pay dated Boston, June 7, 1776. 

Beates, Thomas. Private, Capt. Archibald McAllister's co.. Col. Samuel McCobb's 
regt.; enlisted July 11, 1779; roll made up to Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 13 
days, on expedition against Majorbagaduce. 

Beatey, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Turner's co. ; pay roll for 3 mos. service between 
June 10, 1776, and Sept. 10, 1776. 

Beath, John. Naval Officer for the port of Townsend ; official record of a ballot by 
the House of Representatives, dated Nov. 23, 1776; appointment concurred in 
by the Council, Dec. 2, 1776; also. Naval Officer for the port of Townsend; offi- 
cial record of a ballot by the House of Representatives, dated Feb. 4, 1779; 
appointment concurred in bj- the Council, Feb. G, 1779. 

Beath, Joseph. Mate, brigantine " Warren," commanded by Capt. Paul Reed ; port- 
age bill for voyage to Cape Francois ; engaged Jan. 6, 1777 ; discharged March 4, 
1777 ; service, 1 mo. 18 days. 

Beath, Joseph. Colonel's Clerk, Col. Samuel McCobb's regt.; enlisted Sept. 1, 1781; 
discharged Dec. 1, 1781; service, 3 mos., in Eastern department. Roll dated 
Georgetown. 

Beatle, Henry. Private, Capt. Thomas Bragdon's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt.; 
enlisted Ma.v 19, 1780; discharged Dec. 26, 1780; service, 7 mos. 12 days, under 
Brig. Gen. Wadsworth at the Eastward. Roll sworn to in Yorlc Co. 

Beatley, . [This name also appears under the form of Beatly.] 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 875 

Beatlet, Isaac, Greenwich. Private, otli co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's rest.; Con- 
tinental Army pay acoonnts for service from Fel>. 18, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Capt. Lamont's co., Col. Bradford's regt. ; return of men in service on or before 
Aug. 15, 1777, dated April 2, 1779 ; reported joined April 11, 1777 ; also, Capt. John 
Russell's CO., Coi. Bradford's regt. ; return made Feb. 26, 1777 ; reported mustered 
Feb. 25, 1777, by Joseph Otis, Muster Master; rt/.so,5th co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., 14th regt.; muster roll for Aug. -Oct., 1780; enlist- 
ment, during war. [See Isaac Patley.] 

Beatley, Isaac, Barnstable. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 
ft. 7i in.; complexion, dark (also given light) ; hair, brown; occupation, seaman; 
enlisted Oct.j. 1779, by Lieut. Freeman ; birthplace, Virginia (also given North 
Carolina) ; residence, Barnstable; joined Capt. Joseph Bates's (also given Capt. 
Hastings's) CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, during war; 
also, Private, Capt. Bates's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Jan.- 
March, 1781, dated West Point ; also, muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point ; 
also, muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp at Peekskill; also, muster roll for 
Sept., 1781; also, Capt. Hastings's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; list of men 
discharged; discharged June 8, 1783, by Gen. Washington, term of enlistment 
having expired; also, list of men entitled to honorary badges for faithful service 
from July, 1777. 

Beatlt, Isaac, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Joseph Bates's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's 
(7th) regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; also, muster rolls for 
June and July, 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York 
Huts ; reported on command sawing in Feb., 1782. 

Beatlt, Samuel. Capt. Stephen Richardson's (2d Attleborough) 4th co.. Col. Dag- 
gett's regt. ; return of men in service in 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Beatman, William, Sandisfield. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Soul's co.. Col. John Fel- 
lows's regt., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Sandisfield and New Marlborough ; service, 17 days ; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, compan\" 
return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; reported enlisted April 21, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 1, 1775 ; also, receipt for 
bounty paid him by the town of Sandisfield to serve in the Continental Army for 
the terra of 3 years, dated Sandisfield, June 4, 1781. 

Beatox, . [This name also appears under the form of Beaden, Beatton, Beeton, 

Beton.] 

Beatox, James, Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Benjamin Kidder's co., 1st Plymouth Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; residence, 
Plymouth ; enlisted for town of Plymouth ; joined Capt. AVarren's co., Col. 
Ichabod Alden's (also given Col. Bradford's) regt.; enlistment, 3 .vears; age, 
17 yrs. ; reported mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master ; also. Private, 3d co., 
Col. Brooks's (late Ichabod Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Feb. 4, 1777, to June 26, 1777; also, Capt. Benjamin WaiTcn's co., 
(late) Col. Alden's regt.; return of men in camp before Aug. 15, 1777; reported 
died June 26, 1777. 

Beaton, John, Westborough. Private ; list of men returned as serving on picket 
guard under Maj. Baldwin, May 23, 1775; also, Capt. Moses Wheelock's CO., Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 24, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return (probably Oct., 1775) ; also, list of 
men [probably of Westborough] returned as on an alarm list [year not given] . 

Beaton, Johx, Jr., Westborough (probably). List of men returned as belonging to 
train band [year not given] ; also. Private, Capt. Brigham's co., Col. Cushing's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 7 mos. service at Dorchester [year not given] . 



876 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beaton, Tuom.vs, Westborough (probably). List of men returned as belonging to 
train band [year not given] . 

Beaton, Thomas. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded by Capt. Jolin F. Williams ; 
engaged March 20, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, i mos. 28 days. 

Beatox, William, Jr. Gunner, Capt. David Cook's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780 ; enlistment, during war. 

Be^vts, , Rochester. List of men mustered in Plj'mouth Co. [year not given] ; Capt. 

Nye's CO., Col. Gates's regt. ; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Beats, Seth, Hanover. Private, Capt. Joseph Stetson's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay 
abstract for gun and l)Ianket money dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777; also, return of 
men in service from Dec. 7, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Be-atton, William. List of men for the year 1776. 

Beattt, . [This name also appears under the form of Bath, Batte, Battey, Batty, 

Baty, Beatey, Beaty, Betty.] 

Beattt, Thomas. Seaman, State brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. 
Williams; engaged June 30, 1778; discharged Oct. 16, 1778; service, 3 mos. 16 
days; also, pay roll for service from Nov. 16, 1778, to April 20, 1779, 5 mos. 4 
days, dated Boston. 

Beatt, John. Private, Capt. Caleb Turner's co. ; enlisted March 26, 1776 ; roll made 
up to June 10, 1776; service, 2 mos. 15 days ; roll dated Bristol ; also, pay roll for 
service from Sept. 10, 1776, to Dec. 7, 1776, 2 mos. 27 days, at Boothljay. 

Beaty, Thaddei's. Capt. Hitchcock's co., 12th regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged 
April 10, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Beauch, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. John Hinklej-'s co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted Feb. 13, 1778 ; discharged May 13, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
under Maj. Gen. Heath, at Boston. 

Beavjack, Francis. Seaman, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul Jones; 
list of men entitled to prize shares in the ship "Mellish" and brig "Active" 
[year not given] . 

Beaujean, . [This name also appears under the form of Baujean, Bevjean.] 

Beaujean, , Boston. Matross, Capt. Edward Crafts's co.. Col. Henry Knox's 

(Artillery) regt. ; pay abstract for mileage dated Fishkill, Jan. 10, 1777. 

Beacjean, Charles, Marlborough. Sergeant, Capt. William Tread well's co.. Col. 
John Crane's (Artilleiy) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from. 
Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted Oct. 7, 1777; also, Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 14, 1780; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Beauman, Charles. Gunner, Capt. DonncU's co.. Col. Crane's (Artillery) regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Beauteril, Peter. Private, Capt. Joseph Keith's co.. Col. Cotton's regt. ; pay roll for 
service from Sept. 25, 1777, to Oct. 30, 1777 ; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on a secret 
expedition. 

Beaven, Joseph, Cambridge. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co., 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, 
light; hair, brown; eyes, light; occnpation, laborer; residence, Cambridge; 
enlisted Feb. 4, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 877 

Beavkr, Job. Corporal, Capt. Xatlian Alden's co , Maj. Eliphalet Gary's regt. ; marched 
July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island, on the 
alarm of July 22, 1780. 

Beaver, Mevcs. Private, Capt. Thomas Cowdin's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Nov. 1, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 23, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days ; enlistment, 
3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army at Ne\v York. 

Beaverlt, Samuel, Newbury. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 15, 1778; 
age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; residence, Newburj-. 

Beaverlt, Samuel. Private, Capt. Whipple's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 27, 1779, to July 15, 1779; reported 
taken prisoner July 14, 1779. 

Beaverstock, . [This name also api^ears under the form of Baverstock, Bever- 

stack, Beverstock, Bevrstock.] 

Beaverstock, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Heald's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. John 
Jacobs's regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
3 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 2 months. 

Beaverstock, John, Needham. Private, Capt. Hopestill Hall's co., Col. Samuel Rob- 
inson's regt. ; enlisted Jan. 30, 1776; roll made up to time of marching; service, 
22 days ; also, return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted 
April"27, 1781. 

Bebbe, Daniel. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co., Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 9, 1777; service, 1 mo. 23 days, 
under Gen. Gates in Northern department. 

Bebbens, Samuel. Private, Lieut. Moses Hubbard's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s regt.. 
Brig. Gen. John Fellows's brigade; service, 14 days, in Oct., 1781; regiment 
raised by order of Brig. Gen. Stark. 

Bebe, Alexander. Marine, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged March 10, 1779 [service not given] . 

Bebe, Asa. Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) 
regt. ; return for wages for Dec, 1782. 

Bebe, Christopher. Capt. Azariah Alvord's co.. Col. Badlam's regt. ; return for 
clothing dated Northfield, April 23, 1787. 

Bebe, Hopson. Lieutenant, Capt. Timoth.v Read's co.. Col. Asa Barns's regt. ; marched 
from Lanes'oorough to Stillwater Oct. 13, 1781 ; service, 10 days. 

Bebe, Johx, Hancock. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj- from Capt. 
Stephen Smith's co. [year not given] ; residence, Hancock ; enlisted for town of 
Hancock ; joined Capt. Stone's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Bebe, Lot. Lieutenant, Capt. Timothy Read's co. ; warrant to pay officers and men 
dated March 7, 1783. 

Bebe, Solomox, Ludlow. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 16, 1778; Capt. 
Miller's co.. Col. Bliss's regt.; age, 16 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, 
brown ; residence, Ludlow. 

Bebee, Alexander. Corporal, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co.. Col. Ruggles Wood- 
bridge's regt.; enlisted Aug. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
26 days, under Gen. Gates in Northern department. 



878 IMASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bebee, CHKiSToruKU, Ludlow. Descriptive list of men raised airreeable to resolve of 
June 9, 1779; Capt. Miller's cc, Col. Bliss's regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 9 
in.; complexion, light; hair, brown; residence, Ludlow ; enlistment, 9 months; 
also, Private, Capt. Isaac Pope's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster 
roll for May, 1781, dated Phillipsburgh ; enlisted June 18, 1781; enlistment, 
3 years ; also, muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated York Hutts ; reported a collier. 

Bebee, Daniel. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co.. Col. Ruggles "Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. I'l, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 9, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 24 days. 

Bebee, David. Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated Hutts; enlisted June 29, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Bebee, Ebexezer. Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co.. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged April 2, 1777; service, 
3 luos. 9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. lloU dated 
Springfield. 

Bebee, Jonathan, Walpole. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780 ; enlisted Aug. 6, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Behei:, Solomon, Ludlow. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of June 
9, 1779; Capt. Miller's co.. Col. Bliss's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; 
hair, light; residence, Ludlow; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bebee, Stewart (also given Steward). Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co., Col. 
Timothy Robinson's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged 
April 2, 1777; service, 3 mos. 9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 
25, 1777; roll dated Springfield; also, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co.. Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt.; enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Oct. 20, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 6 days. 

Bebee, Zadoc. Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co.. Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged April 2, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 
9 days, at Ticonderoga ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. Roll dated Spring- 
field. 

Bebens, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Abijah Rowlce's co. ; pay roll dated July 6, 1775. 

Bebey, Ammon. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; enlisted June 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 j-ears. 

Bebey, Solomon, Ludlow. Private, Cai)t. Holel)rook's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; 
Continental Armj' pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bebie, Daniel. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) regt., 
commanded l)y Lieut. Col. James Williams, Brig. Gen. Godfrey's l>rigade; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 2, 1780; service, 8 days. 

Becall, Matthias, Cai)e Ann. Private; descriptive list of officers and crew of the 
ship "America" (privateer), commanded l)y Cai)t. William Coffin, dated Oct. 11, 
1780; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Cai)e Ann. 

Bechus, Elijah. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
June 29, 1777; discharged July 28, 1777 ; service, 30 days, by order of Brig. Gen. 
Fellows and Committee of Safety at the desire of Maj. Gen. Schuyler. 

Beck, . [This name also appears under the form of Bat, Bcack, Beek, Bick.] 

Beck, Dickenson. List of prisoners sent on shore at Sheepscot River and Townsend 
from His Majesty's ship " Rainbow " dated Sept. 12, 1777 ; certified Nov. 10, 1777,. 
by Sir George Collier as released by him without receipt. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 879 

Beck, Joxathax, Newburvport. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 23 j-rs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Newburyport ; arrived at 
Springfield July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 1, 1780, under command of 
Ensign Joseph Miller. 

Beck, Laxcaster, Newburyport. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Newburyport for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 8, 
1780; discharged Dec. 20, 1780; service, 5 mos. 26 days. 

Beck, Thomas, Newburyport. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of 
June 9, 1779 ; Col. Cross's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, "> ft. 6 in. ; complexion, 
dark ; enlistment, 9 months ; received at Springfield July IG, 1779, by Capt. 
Christopher Marshall; also, Muster Master's return made b.v John Cushing, Mus- 
ter Master for Essex Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; also, descriptive list of 
men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to 
resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light; resi- 
dence, Newluiryport ; arrived at Springfield July 1, 1780; marched to camp July 
1, 1780, under command of Ensign Joseph Miller; also, pay roll for 6 months 
men raised by the town of Newburyport for service in the Continental Army 
during 1780; marched June 29, 1780; discharged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 5 mos. 29 
days. 

Becker, Johx. Private; list of men in Col. Armand's Legion dated July, 1778 (Inde- 
pendent CO. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

Becket, Bexjamin, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the sloop " Race 
Horse," commanded by Capt. Clifford Byrne, dated June 7, 1780; age, 12 yrs.; 
statm-e, -1 ft. ; complexion, dark; residence, Salem. 

Becket, David, Pittsfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental .\rmy from Capt. 
"William Ford's co. [year not given] ; residence, Pittsfield; enlisted for town of 
Pittsfield ; joined Capt. Miller's co.. Col. Yose's regt. ; also, list of men from 
town of Pittsfield who enlisted into Continental Army for 3 j-ears or during war, 
dated Boston, Nov. 29, 1779. 

Becket, Ichabod, Ludlow. Private, Capt. Langdon's co.. Col. Danielson's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Becket, Johx Hoavlaxd. Mate, schooner "Plymouth," commanded by Capt. Isaac 
Bartlett ; portage bill for voyage to West Indies and back to Boston ; engaged 
Dec. 29, 1776; discharged April 16, 1777. 

Becket, Sami'el, Salem. Capt. Addison Richardson's co., Col. John Mansfield's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also. Corporal; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 26 days; 
also, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; receipt for 
wages for Sept., 1775, dated Camp at "Winter Hill ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Becket, Wileiam. List of men returned as sick in hospital; entered March 8, 1778; 
discharged March 27, 1778. 

Becket, Williaji. Carpenter, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jona- 
than Haraden; engaged Oct. 10, 1777; discharged May 8, 1778; service, 6 mos. 
28 days. 

Becket, William. List of the crew of the ship "Thomas," commanded by Capt> 
Francis Boardman [year not given] ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; com- 
plexion, light. 

Beckett, . [This name also appears under the form of Becket, Beckit, Bickit.] 



880 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Beckett, Benjamin, Salem. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; list of men 
wlio signed a receipt given to Daniel Hopkins for advance pay for 1 month dated 
S^aleni, Sept. 2.'), 177S; also, payroll for 6 mos. 5 days service from date of enlist- 
ment, July 11, 1775; stationed at Salem ; n/«o, Capt. Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 
22, 1776; discharged July 26, 1776, and transferred to the brigantine " Massachu- 
setts ; " service, 6 mos. 2 days, at Salem ; also, Carpenter, brigantine " Massadm- 
setts," commanded by Capt. John Fisk; engaged July 29, 1776; discharged Dec. 

21, 1776; service, 4 mos. 22 days; reported entitled to 2 shares of prize money; 
also, pay rolls for service from March 7, 1777, to Oct. 16, 1777, 7 mos. 11 days, 
dated Boston; reported commissioned March 17, 1777. 

Beckett, David, Hancock. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Stephen Smith's co. [year not given] ; joined Capt. Miller's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; 
residence, Hancock ; enlisted for town of Pittsfield ; enlistment, during war. 

Beckett, John, Jr. Sergeant, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; list of men who signed 
a receipt given to Daniel Hopkins for advance pay for 1 month dated Salem, Sept. 
25, 1775; also, pay roll for 6 mos. 5 days service from date of enlistment, July 
11, 1775; stationed at Salem. 

Beckktt, William. Private, Capt. Samuel Warner's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 18, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 3 days ; reported killed 
Oct. 20, 1780 ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beckett, William, Jr., Salem. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; list of men 
who signed a receipt given to Daniel Hoi)kins for advance pay for 1 month dated 
Salem, Sept. 25, 1775; also, pay roll for 6 mos. 5 days service from date of enlist- 
ment, Jul J- 11, 1775 ; stationed at Salem ; also, Capt. Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 

22, 1776; discharged June 5, 1776, and transferred to the " Tyrannicide ; " service, 
4 mos. 12 days, at Salem ; also, Carpenter, sloop " T3'rannicide," commanded by 
Capt. John Fisk ; engaged June 3, 1776 ; rolls made uj) to Fel). 20, 1777 ; also. Car- 
penter, brig "Tyrannicide," commanded by Cajit. Jonathan Haraden; commis- 
sioned March 17, 1777; also, pay roll for service from Fel). 20, 1777, to Aug. 31, 
1777, 6 mos. 11 days ; also, muster roll ; engaged Oct. 10, 1777 [service not given] ; 
also, list of tlie crew of the brigantine "Griffin," commanded by Capt. Gideon 
Henfield, dated May 23, 1780. 

Beckfohd, Benjamin, Beverly. Private, Capt. Larkin Thorndike's (1st Beverly) co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2^ days. 

Beckford, Benjamin. Drummer, Capt. Joseph Rae's co. ; enlisted July 25. 1776; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 3 days ; company ordered to serve at the Lines in Beverly July 20, 
1776. Roll dated Beverly. 

Beckford, Benjamin. Steward; list of prisoners brought to Marljlehead in the cartel 
"Pacific" to be exchanged for British prisoners [year not given], as returned 
b.v Thomas Stone, Commissary; taken out of the schooner "General Gates" 
(privateer) by the British brig " Hope." 

Beckford, Benjamin, Jr., Beverly. Private, Capt. Larkin Thorndike's (1st Beverly) 
CO., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 2^ days. 

Beckford, John. Private, Capt. Moses Brown's co ; enlisted July 15, 1775 ; service, 6 
mos. 2 days, at Beverly ; also, list of men who signed a receipt for advance pay 
given to Daniel Hopkins, dated Beverly, Sept. 25, 1775; service in guarding the 
sea coast. 

Beckford, John, Beverly. Mate, brigantine "General Wayne" (privateer), com- 
manded by Capt. John Leach ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated June 
17, 1780 ; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Beverly. 

Beckford, Jonathan. Private. Capt. Zacliariah Fitch's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's 
regt. ; pay abstract for service from Aug. 23, 1776, to Sept. 30, 1776, 1 mo. 9 days. 



IX THE WAR OF TH.E REVOLUTION. 881 

Beckford, Joseph. Private, Capt. Eleazer Cral)tree's co. ; enlisted Aup,'. 20, 1775 ; 
roll made up to Dec. 31, 1775 ; service, 4 mos. 15 days, at Frenchman's Bay. 

Beckford, Joshua, Salem. Capt. Addison Richardson's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; 
order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 20 days; also, com- 
pany return dated Oct. 0, 1775; reported sick and absent. 

Beckford, Thomas. Seaman; list of prisoners sent in the cartel "Silver Eel" from 
Halifax to Boston, Oct. 8, 1778, to be exchanged. 

Beckit, SAMfEL, Salem. Corporal, Capt. Richardson's co.. Col. Mansfield's regt.; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beckit, Silas. Lieutenant, Capt. William White's co., (late) Col. Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 3 mos. 19 
days, at Stone Arabia, N. Y. 

Becklar, Daniel. Private, Capt. Francis Green's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for July, 17S1 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster rolls for Aug. and 
Sept., 1781, dated Camp Peckskill ; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, and 
Feb., 1782, dated York Huts ; reported discharged Feb. 9, 1782. 

Beckled, Daniel. Private, Capt. Francis Green's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for June, 1781, dated Camp Phillipsburgh ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beckler, . [This name also appears under the form of Beakler, Becklar, Beckled, 

Beckley, Beeklar.] 

Beckler, Daxiel, Waldoborough. Private, Capt. Green's co., Col. Vose's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Dec. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Francis Green's co., 1st regt. ; age, 28 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, sandy; occupation, shoemaker; 
residence, Waldoborough; birthplace, Germany; enlisted March 18, 1777 (also 
given March 18, 1779), by Lieut. Ulmer at Waldoborough; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Capt. Green's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster roll for May, 
1781, dated Garrison at West Point. 

Beckley, . [This name also appears under the form of Beackley, Beckler.] 

Becklet, Daxiel. Private, Capt. Abraham Hunt's co., Col. Joseph Vose's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 17, 1777, to Jan., 1779; 
reported deserted but returned Oct., 1780 ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley 
Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; enlisted May 17, 1777; also, muster roll for Nov., 1778, 
dated Providence ; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence. 

Becklet, Solomox. Receipt for 2 months wages in 1775 given by said Beckley and 
others to Capt. Selah Heart, of Col. Woolcot's regt. 

Beckjiax, . [This name also appears under the form of Backman, Beekman.] 

Beckjiax, Hexrt. Superintendent of expresses and stables in the Quartermaster- 
General's department at Fishkill ; return of men in service Oct. 14, 1781. 

Beckmax, William. Sadler in Quartermaster-General's department at Fishkill; re- 
turn of men in service Oct. 14, 1781. 

Beckmaxx, Johx. Private; list of men in Col. Armand's Legion, dated Julj', 1778 
Independent co. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

Beckxel, Abex, Concord. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Beckxiel, Nathaxiel. Capt. Israel Chapin's co.. Col. John Fellows's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 25, 1775. 



882 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Beckvs, Elijah. Private, Capt. Koswell Downing's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 19, 1777; service, 1 mo. 

Beckvs, John. Private, Capt. William Douglas's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776; discharged March 22, 1777; service, 3 
mos. 6 days; marclied to Ticonderoga; also, Sergeant; pay roll for service from 
Sept. 7 to Sept. 30, 1777, 24 days ; marched to Pawlet. Roll dated Hancock. 

Beckvs, Lebbevs. Sergeant, Capt. William Francis's co., Maj. Caleb Hyde's regt.; 

enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 19 days, in Northern 

department. 
Beckwith, . [This name also appears under the form of Backwith, Bekwith, 

Bement, Bukwith.] 

Beckwith, Asa. Private, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; pay 
roll for service from Oct. 11 to Oct. 18, 1780, 4 days; service at tlie Westward on 
the alarm of Oct. 14, 1780. [See Asa Bement.] 

Beckwith, David, Pittsfield. Private, Capt. David Noble's co., Col. John Patison's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, 
from Pittsfield and Richmond; service, 7 days; reported enlisted into the army; 
also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 29, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 2 days ; 
also, Matross, Capt. Joseph Chadwick's co., Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt.; compan}- return dated Charlestown, Sept. 30, 1775; reported enlisted in the 
train June 27, 1775; age,21yrs. ; occupation, housewright; a/so, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Nov. 21, 1775; also. Corporal, 
Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co., Col. Joseph Yose's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from April 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported as serving 4 mos. 
as Private, 29 mos. as Corporal ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Valley Forge, 
Jan. 6, 1778; enlisted Aug. 1, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; also, muster rolls for 
Nov., 1778-Jan., 1779, dated Quarters at Providence; also, muster roll for March 
and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported sick at Pittsfield. 

Beckavith, IcHABOi), Ludlow. Private, Capt. Paul Langdon's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Wilbraham; ser- 
vice, 9 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 29, 1775 ; also, Capt. Langdon's 
CO., Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 29, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 27, 1775. 

Beckwith, Niles, Lempster (also given Lancaster). Corporal, Capt. Jeremiah Stiles's 
CO., Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 15, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 22 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent ia money, dated Cambridge, Jan. 
16, 1776. 

Beckwith, Silas. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Andrew Lusk's (12th) co., Col. Simonds's 
(2d Berkshire Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 
14, 1780. 

Beckwouth, S.vmvel, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship "Jack," 
commanded by Capt. Nathan Brown, dated July 1, 1780; age, 16yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. ; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Becroft, Joseph. Private, Capt. Abijah Burbank's co.. Col. Jacol) Davis's regt.; 
marched to camp July 30, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service-, 11.^ days. 

Bedar, John. Private, Capt. James Noble's co.. Col. Benedict Arnold's regt. ; enlisted 
May 10, 1775 ; discharged June 24, 1775 ; service, 6 weeks 3 days. 

Bedard, Jvlian. Receipt for bounty paid him by Thomas French of Class No. 12 of 
the town of Braintree, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Boston, June 26, 1782. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 883 

Beddingee, Thilip. Corporal, Capt. James Gregg's cc, Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt. ; muster roll for Jan.-March, 1781, dated West Point; re- 
ported transferred to Capt. Pierson's co. Jan. 8, 1781 ; enlistment, during war. 

Beddle, Ariel. Private, Capt. Nathan Watkins's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Dec. 1, 1775. 

Bede, . [This name also appears under the form of Beedy.] 

Bede, Phixe.vs, Ipswich. List of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the term of 9 
months from the time of their arrival at Fislikill, June 2r>, 1778, dated Fort 
Arnold ; returned as received by Jonatlian Warner. 

Bede, Wilhelm, Boston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 18, 1778; Col. 
Hatch's regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; residence, Boston. 

Bedel, John, Old York. Sergeant, Capt. Smart's co., Col. Smith's (late Wiggles- 
worth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 9, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Nicholas Blasdel's co.. Col. Edward Wiggleswortli's 
regt. ; muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Feb. 5, 1778 ; residence. Old 
York; enlisted for town of Old Y'ork ; mustered Ijy Esquire Bragdon, Muster 
Master; also, muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp at Valley Forge; also, pay 
abstract for Oct., 1778, sworn to at Providence; also, muster roll for March and 
April, 1779, dated Providence; enlisted Jan. 9, 1777; also, Capt. Smart's co., Col. 
Smith's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Jan. 9, 1780 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bedex, Jacob, Medford. Private, Capt. Isaac Hall's co., Col. Thomas Gardner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

Bedeixah, Moses, Springfield. Private, Capt. Burt's co., Col. Danielson's regt.; 
company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bedgood, Benjamin. Master; list of prisoners [year not given] . 

Bedie, Franki (also given Frankis). Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded by 
Capt. John F.Williams; engaged Nov. 20, 1780; service, 5 nios. 15 days; re- 
ported captured May 5, 1781 . 

Bedlam, Samuel, Weymouth. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; 
enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 8 mos. ; also, Capt. Trufant's co. ; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776 ; roll made up to May 22, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 22 days, at Weymouth ; also, 
2d Lieutenant, Capt. Trufant's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; paj' roll for ser- 
vice from Dec. 1, 1776, to Jan. 1, 1777, 1 mo., at Hull. 

Bedlam, Stephen, Weymouth. Private, Capt. Jacob Goold's co., Col. Benjamin Lin- 
coln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Weymouth and 
Braintree ; service, 8 days ; also, Capt. Joseph Trufant's (Independent) co. ; en- 
listed Feb. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos., at Weymouth. 

Bedlajm, Sylvanus, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Thomas Wellington's co.. Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's regt.; muster I'oll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; en- 
listed Oct. 1, 1776; reported re-engaged in Capt. Elisha Brewer's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt. Nov. 16, 1776, but to remain in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 1776; 
also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co., as returned bj' Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777 ; Capt. Brewer's co., Col. Brewer's regt. ; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. A. Williams's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; promoted to 
Quartermaster Sergeant Sept. 1. 1777; reported as serving 8 mos. as Sergeant, 28 
mos. as Quartermaster Sergeant; also, Capt. Brewer's co.. Col. Brewer's regt.; 
muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge Jan. 23, 1778; also. Quartermaster 
Sergeant, Capt. Burbank's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, during war. 



884 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bedlam, William, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Thomas Wellington's co.. Col. Asa 
Whitcomb's rest. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776 ; en- 
listed Oct. 1, 177G ; reported re-engaged in Capt. Elisha Brewer's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt., Nov. 16, 177G, but to remain in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 1776; 
also, list of men mustered in SutfoUv Co. as returned by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777 ; Capt. Brewer's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. 

Bedlk, David. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted July 11, 1775; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 5 days, at Salem ; also, Capt. Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776 ; 
service, 4 mos. 7 days, at Salem. 

Bedlvm, Sylvanus, Sherborn. Private, Capt. Benjamin BuUard's co.. Col. Peirce's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Bedlim, William, Sherborn. Sergeant, Major's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Brewer's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; muster return dated Camp at Valley 
Forge, Jan. 23, 1778. 

Bedortha, JosEPit. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged July 22, 1777 ; service, 14 days ; 
marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Bedortha, Stephen. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co.. Col. John Mosley's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 9, 1777 ; discharged July 22, 1777 ; service, 14 days ; 
marched to reinforce Northern army. 

Beduna, Moses, Springfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 
CO., 1st Hampshire Co. regt., sworn to April 6, 1779; residence, Springfield; en- 
listed for town of Springfield; joined Capt. Asa Coburn's co., Col. Alden's regt.; 
enlistment to expire Jan., 1780. 

Bedixah, . [This name also appears under the form of Badoonah, Badooner, 

Badumah, Badunah, Baduner, Bdeunah, Bedeunah, Beduna, Beduner.] 

Bedunah, Benjamin, Roxbury. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Roxbury for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 3, 1780 ; 
discharged Jan. 11, 1780; service, 6 mos. 20 days. 

Bedunah, John Walriss (also given Waters), Northfield. Payroll for 6 months men 
raised by the town of Northfield for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; 
marched July 4, 1780; discharged Dec. 16, 1780; service, 5 mos. 11 days. [See 
John Waters.] 

Bedunah, Mosks, Springfield. Private, Capt. Gideon Burt's co., Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 
6 days. 

Bedunah, Moses, Brookfield (also given Roxl)ury). Return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Capt. N. Hamilton's (1st) co., Col. Converse's (4th Worces- 
ter Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 1777 ; residence, Brookfield; enlisted for 
town of Western (also given Brookfield) ; joined Capt. Asa Coburn's co.. Col. 
Ichabod Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported mustered Ijy Thomas New- 
hall, Muster Master, March 5, 1777 ; also, Private, Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Brooks's 
(late Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jau. 1, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. Coburn's co.. Col. Alden's regt. ; muster return dated 
Albany, Jan. 12, 1778; also, Lieut. Col. William Stacy's co.. Col. Alden's (Gth) 
regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Fort Alden ; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1777. 

Beuvnki!, Moses, Sturbridge. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated May 21, 1781; 
Capt. Burden's co.. Col. Newhall's regt. ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark (also given light); hair, brown; eyes, l)lue; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Sturbridge; enlisted for town of Attleborough ; enlisted Feb. 6, 1781; 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 885 

Bedvner, Moses, continued. 

joined Capt. Watson's co., 3d Mass. regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, 
Capt. Abraham Watson's co.. Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for 
July, 1781, dated Camp near Dobbs's Ferry. 

Bee, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Godfrey's co., Maj. Zenath Winslow's regt.; 
service, 2 days, in Sept., 1778, on alarms at Bedford and Falmouth. 

Beeals, Isaac. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co., Col. Theoyihilus Cotton's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; pay abstract for l.j days service in March, 1781, on the 40 days expe- 
dition to Rhode Island. 

Beeamis, Abram, Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas Gard- 
ner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Lex- 
ington; service, 3 days. 

Beeakd, Willia3i, Haverhill. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Haverhill for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched June 29, 
1780 ; discharged Dec. 23, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 6 days. 

Beeba, Eliphalet, Easton. Private, 4th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to April 1, 1778; reported dis- 
charged April 1, 1778; also, Capt. Ephraim Burr's co., Col. Bailey's regt.; return 
dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778. 

Beebe, . [This name also appears under the form of Beabe. Beal, Bebbe, Bebe, 

Bebee, Bebey, Bebie, Beeba, Beebee, Beebey, Beeby, Beelee, Bubee.] 

Beebe, Aaron. Muster Master's receipt dated Springfield, July 17, 1782 ; enlisted for 
town of Springfield ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beebe, Ammox, Ludlow. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 25 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
10 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Ludlow; 
enlisted June 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. David Holbrook's 
CO., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated York 
Hutts. 

Beebe, Asa. Muster Master's receipt dated Springfield, Aug. 20, 1782 ; enlisted for 
town of Bridgewater; enlistment, 3 j^ears; also, Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(10th) regt.; enlisted Aug. 15, 1782; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 4 mos. 
17 days. 

Beebe, Christopher, Ludlow. Capt. Stoddard's co. ; enlisted Aug. 4, 1779; discharged 
May 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months; also, descriptive list of men raised to rein- 
force Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 
1780; age, 29 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; residence, Ludlow; 
arrived at Springfield Aug. 22, 1780; marched to camp Aug. 23, 1780, under com- 
mand of Lieut. Obadiah Wetherell ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months ser- 
vice and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, Private ; pay roll for 6 months men 
raised by the town of Ludlow for service in the Continental Arm.v during 1780 ; 
marched July 12, 1780; discharged Dec. 7, 1780; service, 3 mos. 26 days, at West 
Point; also, descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire Co.; age, 
24 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Ludlow ; enlisted June 18, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Capt. Isaac 
Pope's CO., Col. William Shepard's (4th) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1781, dated 
Phillipsburgh ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, 
dated Camp Peekskill ; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1781, and Jan., 1782, 
dated York Hutts ; also, muster roll for Feb., 1782, dated Cantonment, 1st Brigade, 
West Point. 

Beebe, Daxiel. List of men who served with Capt. Soper 1 year, — 1776. 



886 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beebe, Daniel. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co., Col. Mitchel's (Bristol Co.) regt., 
commanded by Lieut. Col. James AVilliams, Brijj. Gen. Godfrey's brigade; 
marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the alarm of Aug. 3, 1780; service, 8 days. 

Beebe, David, "Wilbraham. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; occupation, farm- 
er; residence, Wilbraham; enlisted June 30 (also given June 29), 1781; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; also, Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster rolls for July-Sept., 1781 ; also, muster rolls for Oct. and Nov., 
1781, and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts. 

Beebe, Eli, Wilbraham. Private, Capt. Paul Langdon's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177;') ; enlisted May 4, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 6, 177n; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Camp at lloxbury, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Beebe, Elijah. Private, Capt. Raymond De Guiscard's co. ; warrant to pay officers 
and men dated April 24, 1782. 

Beebe, Ezekiel, Ludlow. Private, Capt. Paul Langdon's co., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Wilbraham; service, 
9 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 29, 1775; also, Capt. Langdon's co.. 
Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 
29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 10 days; also, compan}- return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Jan. 1, 1776; also, return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army from Cajjt. Joseph Miller's co., Hampshire 
Co. regt., dated Feb. 1(5, 1779; residence, Ludlow; enlisted for town of Ludlow; 
joined Capt. Oliver's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. 
Oliver's co.. Col. John Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for ser- 
vice from May 12, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 4 mos. as Drummer, 
27 mos. 19 days as Private; also, Capt. Edward Cumston's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Beebe, Ezekiel. Receipt for bounty paid him by Maj. Josiah Wheght, Cliairman of 
a class of the town of South Hadley, to serve in the Continental Army for the 
term of 3 years, dated Springfield, June 26, 1782. 

Beebe, Gideox, Ludlow. Matross, Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Mason's regt. ; Continental 
Army pa.v accounts for service from Feb. 12, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt, 
Benjamin Frothingham's co., Col. John Crane's (Ai'tillery) regt.; return of men 
stationed at Springfield, dated Nov. 1, 1779; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. 
Bryant's co. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Dec. 31, 1780; reported discharged. 

Beebe, Hopson, Lanesborough. Private, Cajit. Asa Barns's co., Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; marched Oct. 14, 1780; service, 7 days, at the 
Northward ; also, pay roll for 5 days service at the Northward on the alarm of 
Oct. 26, 1780. [See Hopson Beele.] 

Beebe, Samuel. Private, Capt. Abel King's co.. Col. Sears's regt.; enlisted Aug. 20, 
1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., at Saratoga. 

Beebe, Samuel, Ludlow. Matross, Capt. Bryant's co., Col. Mason's regt.; Continen- 
tal Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 20, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. 
Benjamin Frothingham's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll for 
Oct., 1778, dated Springfield; enlistment, 3 years; also, return of men stationed 
at Springfield, dated Nov. 1, 1779 ; also, Capt. Bryant's co. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; i-eported discharged. 

Beebe, Samuel, Jr., Ludlow. Matross, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co., Col. .Tohn 
Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated S])ringfield ; enlistment, 
3 years; a/so, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Joseph 
Miller's co., Hampshire Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1779 ; residence, Ludlow ; enlisted 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 887 

Beebe, Samuel, Jr., continued. 

for to«ni of Ltidlow ; joined Capt. FrothinKham's co., Col. Crane's rest. ; reported 
hj Commissioner Ely that said Beel)e did not pass muster by Col M'oodbridire, 
Ijeing but 14 years of age, but must have passed later as he was in actual service 
as waiter to Col. Mason, at Springfield. 

Beebe, Solomox, Ludlow. Capt. Watson's co., Col. Greaton's regt. ; return of men 
in service for 9 mos. in 1778, dated Ludlow ; also, Capt. Stoddard's co. ; enlisted 
Aug. 4, 1779; discharged May 1, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Beebe, Solomon, Ludlow. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co.. Col. AVilliam Shepard's 
(4th) regt.; return made up from time of enlistment, Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; service, 12 mos. ; enlistment, during war; a/so, Capt. George Webb's (Light 
Infantry) co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster rolls for Feb., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated 
Hutts, 1st brigade. 

Beebe, Stephen*, Norwich (also given Stonington and Preston). Private, Capt. 
Nathan Peters's co., Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775 ; enlisted May 20, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 23 days ; also, company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for Ijountj' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp 
at Roxbury, Nov. 20, 1775; also, Capt. William Moore's co.. Col. William Shep- 
pard's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas Fish's co.. Col. Shepard's 3d (also given 4th) 
regt.; muster return dated Feb. 3, 1778; also, muster roll for July and Aug., 
1778; reported wagoner for Gen. Glover; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated 
Pro\idence; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; 
reported on command in Quartermaster-General's department; enlisted Dec. 3, 
1776; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Moor's co., Col. Shepard's regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
return made up to Dec. 31, 1780, dated Mountain Hutts, AVest Point; also, muster 
roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; reported wagoner for Gen. Howe; also, 
muster rolls for June-Aug., 1781 ; reported with Gen. Howe; also, muster roll for 
Sept., 1781, dated Camp at Continental Village; reported on command with Gen. 
Howe; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated York Hutts; reported 
taken prisoner Oct. 17, 1781. 

Beebee, Daniel, Taunton. Private, Capt. Hitchcock's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 8, 1777, to June 1, 1779; re- 
ported " left out of the role June 1, 1779 ; " enlistment, 3 years. 

Beebet, Ammon. Private, Capt. David Holbrook's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; enlisted June 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 
3 years; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; reported with brigade blacksmiths; 
also, muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Jan., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Beebt, Alexander. Private, Capt. Aaron Graves's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted May 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the 
Northward. 

Beeby, Eliphalet, Easton. Private, Capt. Ephraim Burr's (4th) co., Col. John 
Bailey's regt.; return of men in service before Aug. 15, 1777; discharged March 
22, 1778. 

Beebt, Gideon. Private, Capt. Aaron Graves's co., Col. David Leonard's regt.; en- 
listed May 8, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days, at the North- 
ward. 

Beech, Hezekiah, New Ashford. Private, Capt. Amariah Babbit's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged July 29, 1777; 
service, 21 days ; marched to Manchester ; also, pay roll for 5 days service at the 
Northward on the alarm of Oct. 14, 1780; also, Capt. Stratton's co.. Col. Simonds's 
regt. ; return of men who marched to Horse Neck [year not given] ; reported 
drafted from Berkshire Co. militia, but failed to join regiment. 



888 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Beech, Jotham, New Ashford. Corporal, Capt. Ainariah Babbit's co., Col. Benjamin 
Simonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 
1777 ; service, 6 days ; marched to Meioomscujek near Bennington. 

Beecii, Ttleu. Private, Capt. Asa Barns's (1st) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 16, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army; also, Capt. 
Amariah Babbit's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt.; pay roll for .5 days service 
at tlie Northward on the alarm of Oct. 14, 1780; also, Capt. Babbitt's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Dudlej- Holdridge, Col. Simonds's regt. ; pay aljstract for 3 
days service in Oct., 1780, on an alarm; also, Corporal, Capt. Babbit's co., Col. 
Barns's regt. ; pay roll for 8 days service in Oct., 1781, on an alarm. 

Beeden, . [This name also appears under the form of Beden, Beedin.] 

Beedex, Henry. Private, Capt. George Claghorn's co., Col. Abiel Mitchell's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 2 
days ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Beeden, Weston. Private, Capt. George Claghorn's co.. Col. Abiel Mitchell's (Bristol 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 2 
days; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Beedin, Samuel. Private, Sergt. William Warland's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) 
regt.; enlisted Nov. 5, 1779; discharged Dec. 3, 1779; service, 29 days, at Albany. 

Beedle, Benjamin, Newbury. Private, Capt. Gerrish's co., Col. Little's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; age, 30 yrs. ; enlisted May 1, 1775. 

Beedle, David. Private, Capt. Benjamin Ward, Jr.'s co. ; enlisted Jan. 22, 1776; 
sers'ice, 7 mos. 7 days, at Salem. 

Beedle, John. Corporal, Capt. Leonard Bleeker's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Goose 
"Van Schaick's (1st New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan-April, 1781, dated 
West Point ; enlistment, during war. 

Beedle, Josiah. Seaman ; list of prisoners to be received in exchange for British 
prisoners sent to Halifax in the cartel " Swift," dated Oct. 9, 1777 ; exchanged for 
William Locqua, Seaman. 

Beedle, Timothy, Haverhill. List of men enlisted into Ci)ntiiiental Army from Essex 
Co. [year not given] ; residence, Haverhill ; enlisted fur town of Haverhill. 

Beedy, Phineas, Brentwood (also given Poplin, N. H.). Capt. Isaac Sherman's co.. Col. 
Samuel Gerrish's regt. ; receipt for advance pay for 1 mo., dated Cambridge, 
June 28, 1775; also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 8, 
1775; service, 1 mo. 23 days; also, Capt. Sherman's (4th) co.. Col. Loammi 
Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38tli regt. ; pay abstract for Aug., 1775, dated Sewall's 
Point; also, list of men absent from muster dated Chelsea, Sept., 1775; reported 
on command to Canada Sept. 10, 1775 ; reported mustered Sept. 22, 1775 ; also, com- 
pany return dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Sewall's Point, Dec. 26, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. Sherman's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt ; pay abstracts for Jan.-March, 
1776; also, pay abstracts for April, May and June, 1776, dated New York; also, 
list of men who agreed to serve 6 weeks from Dec. 31, 1776, dated Trenton ; also, 
Capt. Caleb Robinson's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., 
in 1776; also, order for wages, etc., dated Exeter, April 16, 1778; also, descriptive 
list of enlisted men raised agreeable to resolve of April 20, 1778, dated Ipswich ; 
Col. Jonathan Cogswell's regt.; age, 23 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. lOin. ; hair, sandy; 
residence, Poplin ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Beek, Jonathan, Newbury. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 889 



Beek, Thomas. Seaman, ship "Versailles," commanded by Master Joseph Chapman ; 
portage bill for voyage from Boston to Nantes and return ; engaged Jan. 20, 1777 ; 
discharged April 15, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days. 

Beek, Thomas, Newbury. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bkeklar, Daniel. Private, Capt. Francis Green's co., Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1782, dated York Ilutts; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beekley, Richard. Private, Capt. Abijah Savage's co.. Col. Henry Sherburne's 
regt.; muster roll dated Rliode Island, Aug. 21, 1778; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; 
enlistment, 3 y'ears. 

Beekman, . [This name also appears under the form of Beachman, Beackman.] 

Beekmax, Henry, Jr. Carpenter, Quartermaster-General's department at Fishkill; 
return of men in service Oct. 14, 1781. 

Beekman, John. Private, Capt. Stephen Jenkins's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 14, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 20 days; regi- 
ment raised in Essex and Suffolk counties to reinforce army under Gen. Wash- 
ington. 

Beel, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's detachment drafted to do duty 
at and about Boston under Col. Thomas Crafts, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 16. 
1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 days. 

Beel, Daniel. Private, Capt. Drew's co.. Col. Bailey's (2d) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 9, 
1779; discharged May 9, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Beel, Daniel, Abington. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Beel, Henry, Kittery. Corporal, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, Capt. Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; muster roll for 
Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlistment, during war; «/so, muster roll for April, 
1781. 

Beel, James. Private, Capt. Isaac Badlam's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstract for March, 1776 ; also, list of men who agreed to serve 6 weeks from Dec. 
31, 1776, dated Trenton. 

Beel, Joab. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's detachment drafted to do duty at and 
about Boston under Col. Thomas Crafts, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 16, 1777 ; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 8 days. 

Beel, John, Gageborough (also given Sheffield and Hancock). Private, Capt. John 
Williams's co.. Col. Eljenezer Sprout's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
sersice from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Enos Stone's co., Col. 
Brewer's regt. ; muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 25, 1778 ; resi- 
dence, Gageborough ; enlisted for town of Gageborough; mustered by Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master; also, Capt. Williams's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 3, 1781 ; Capt. Williams's co., 1st Mass. 
regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in; complexion, dark; hair, brown; occupa- 
tion, yeoman ; birthplace, Dedham ; residence, Jericho (Hancock) ; enlisted Nov. 
23, 1776, at Ticonderoga by Capt. Stone ; enlistment, during war. 

Beel, Samuel, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Symonds's co., Col. Glover's regt. ; corn- 
nan v return Tprobablv Oct., 17751. 



pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 



890 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beel, Thomas, Royalston. Sergeant, Capt. Jonathan Holman's co.. Col. Doolittle's 
regt. ; mnstcr roll dated Aug. 1, l~7»; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 inos. 14 
days; also, Private, Lieut. Jonathan Sibley's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 10 days; marched to 
Bennington. 

Beel, "William. Private, Capt. Job Alvord's co., Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 19, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 2 mos. 29 days; 
enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Beele, Horsox. Lieutenant, Capt. David Wheeler's co., Col. Asa Barnes's regt.; 
marched from Lanesborough to Saratoga Oct. 29, 1781, on an alarm; service, 11 
days. [See Hopson Beebe.] 

Beelee, Jonathan. Receipt for l)Ounty paid him by Samuel Copp for the town of 
AValpole, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Boston, 
Aug. 6, 1781. 

Beelel, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Bragdon's co., (late) Col. Storer's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Oct. 23, 1777; service, 8.") days, with Northern 
army; discharged at Queman's Heights. 

Beeles, Josiah. Private, Capt. Christopher Banister's co., Col. David "Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Ma.y 8, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 7 days; marched 
to Ticonderoga. 

Beell, Charles. Seaman, brigantine "Hawk," commanded l)y Capt. Jonathan 
Oakes; engaged May 3, 1777; service, 1 mo., with the fleet under Commodore 
Jolm Manley. 

Beels, Benjamin, Kittery. Private, Cai)t. Silas Burbank's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Burlmnk's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; muster return dated 
Camp near "S'alley Forge, Jan. 23, 1778; residence, Kittery; enlisted for town of 
Kittery ; mustered bj- Capt. Bragdou. 

Beels, Caleb. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. David Field's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 19, 1777 ; service, 4 days ; marched to the North- 
ward by request of Gen. Horatio Gates; dismissed by order of Gen. Lincoln. 
Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Beels, Henry, Kittery. Private, Capt. Silas Burbank's co., Col. El)enezer Sprout's 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Burbank's CO., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt. ; muster return dated 
Camp near Valley Forge, Jan. 23, 1778; residence, Kittery; enlisted for town of 
Kittery; mustered by Capt. Bragdon. 

Beels, Howland, Pembroke (West Parish). Private, Capt. Josiah Cushing's co. CoL 
John Cushing's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 10, 1776; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1776 ; service, 15 days, at Rhode Island, on the alarm of Dec. 
8, 1776. 

Beels, Isaac. Private, Capt. Joseph Soper's co.. Col. Theopliilus Cotton's (Plymouth 
Co.) regt.; pay roll for 15 days service from March 5 to March 20, 1781, on tlie 
40 days expedition to Rhode Island. 

Beels, John. Capt. Phineas Cook's co., Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 26, 1775. 

Beels, Okaiuah. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 9,1780; discharged Oct. 11,1780; service, 3 mos. 13 
days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Beels, Solomon, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Amos Wade's (3d) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 891 

Beels, Solomon-, Jr. Private, Capt. Joshua White's CO., Col. Eljenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted May C>, 177H; discharjied Maj' 9, 1778; enlisted Sei)t. G, 177H; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth ; roll dated Middle- 
borough; also, Capt. White's co.. Col. Ehenezer White's regt.; marched to 
Tiverton, II. I., Aug. 1, 1780, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 
9 days. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Beels, Uriah, Dorchester. Gunner, Maj. Thomas Pierce's co., Col. Gridley's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 days. 

Beels, Uriah. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Fisher's co., Maj. Job Cushing's regt.; 
marched Sept. 18, 1782; discharged Oct. 24, 1782; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at Hull. 
Roll sworn to^t Dedham. 

Beeman, Aarox, Marlborough. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft.; complexion, light; residence, MarlI)orough ; arrived at Springfield 
July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of Capt. Thomas 
Pritchard. 

Beemax, Abraham, Marlljorougli. Private, Capt. William Brisham's co., Col. Jona- 
than Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177o, to Cambridge ; 
service, 17 days. 

Beemax, Abrahaai. Private, Capt. Gates's co. ; list of men dated Jan. 30, 1776; en- 
listed Dec. 4, 1775. 

Beemax, Abraham, Harwich. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 3, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Beemax, Abraham. Private, Capt. John Gleason's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
return dated North Kingston, June 26, 1777. 

Beemax, Coxsiderate. Private, Capt. Joseph Browning's co.. Col. Seth Murray's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 10. 1780; service, 

2 mos. 27 da.vs ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army. 

Beemax-, Jabez, Springfield. Fifer, Capt. Job Sumner's co., Col. Greaton's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Beemax, Johx, Ashford (also given Ashfield). Descriptive list of enlisted men; age, 
22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; 
residence, Ashford ; enlisted for town of Whately ; enlisted May, 1781 ; joined 
Capt. Allen's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Beemax, Joseph, Lancaster. Sergeant, Capt. John Prescott's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 13 days. 

Beemax', Joseph, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Abel Wilder's co., Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 13 days ; also, compan.v return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Beemax, Joseph, Boston. Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (2d) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1777, 

3 mos. 7 days. 

Beemax, Lemiel, New Salem (probably). Private, Capt. Ebenezer Goodall's co.. Col. 
Woodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 
days. 

Beemax, Noah, Marlborough. Sergeant, Capt. William Brigham's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 17 days. 



892 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beemax, Phixeas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 
1777; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; enlistment to expire March 23, 1777; reported on 
command at the block house at the mills. 

Beeman, Reuben. Sergeant, Lieut. Eli Hermon's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 28 days; 
marched to Fort Ann, N. Y. ; also, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's 
regt. ; pay abstract for May and June, 1778 ; service, 27 days ; reported 19 days in 
camp; also, pay roll for Aug., 1778; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778; reported sick 
at hospital, not joined since muster; also, paj- rolls for Oct. and Dec, 1778; 
reported joined in Oct., 1778 ; also, order for wages for service in 1778, dated New 
Marlborough, Aug. 30, 1779; also, Capt. John Collar's co.. Col. Jolm Ashley's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; marched to the Northward by order of Gen. Fellows, Oct. 
14, 1780, on an alarm ; service, 6 days. 

Beemax, Seha, Springfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 16, 1778; 
Capt. Chapen's co., Col. Bliss's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Springfield. 

Beemas, John. Private, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for 
gun and blanket monej- dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777. 

Beemis, Benjamin. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. David Proutee's 8th (North Spencer) co., 
Col. Samuel Denny's (1st Worcester Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia 
dated Leicester, March 28, 1776 ; commissioned April .5, 1776. 

Beemis, Daniel. List of men returned by Lieut. Abraham Cliilds [year not given] . 

Bee3IIs, Isaac, Waltham. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Dana's co.. Col. Josiah Whit- 
ney's regt. ; arrived at camp May 9, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 7 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Beemiss, John, Jr., Waltham. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [j'ear not 
given] ; residence, Waltham ; enlisted for town of Waltham. 

Beemon, Daniel. Capt. John AVood's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt. ; pay abstract for 19 
days service in Dec, 1775; enlisted Dec 12, 1775; reported not in service at 
time of enlistment. 

Beemus, Abraham. Private, Capt. Thomas Cole's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Been, Daniel, Candia. Matross, Capt. Thomas Melville's (2d) co.. Col. Thomas 
Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 31, 1776; rolls made up to May 8, 1777; 
service, 11 mos. 13 days ; also, certificate of service given by Col. Crafts, certifying 
that said Been was employed 1 month in the lal)oratory after his regiment was 
disbanded ; wages allowed for said service June 22, 1777. 

Been, John, Newbury. Private ; pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Newbury for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 3, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 27, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. ; reported detached from town militia. 

Been, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Thomas Romery's co., (late) Col. Storer's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777 ; company marched from York Co. to Manchester to join 
army under Gen. Gates; reported deserted. 

Beer, James. Marine, ship " General Putnam," commanded l)y Capt. Daniel Waters ; 
engaged July 12, 1779 [service not given] . 

Beer, John, Boston. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt. ; enlisted July 14, 1778 ; service at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 6 months from 
July 1, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 893 

Beer, William, Reading. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Beers, Ephraim. Gunner, brigantine "Massachusetts," commanded Ijy Capt. John 
Lamljert; engaged Dec. 1,1777 [service not given]. 

Beers, Johx. Sergeant, Capt. John Cutler's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
July 14, 1778; service, 3 mos. 17 days, at Rhode Island; also, muster rolls for 
Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Beers, Johx. Private, Capt. John Stutson's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detachment 
of guards; detached Dec. 10, 1777; discharged March 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 
days, under ISlaj. Gen. Heath at Boston. 

Beers, Johx. List of men mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master for Suffolk 
Co., for the Boston regt. under Col. Jabez Hatch, dated Boston, Feb. 11, 1779. 

Beers, Peleg, Rehoboth. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 25, 
1781 ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, brown ; eyes, 
gray; residence, Rehoboth; enlisted May 1, 1779, by Maj. Porter; joined Col. 
John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Beers, Richard. Private, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 7 days. 

Beers, Spexcer, Rehoboth. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Reho- 
both for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched to West Point, 
July 22, 1780; service, 1 mo. 12 days; reported deceased Sept. 4, 1780. 

Beers, William, Boston. Drummer, Maj. Thomas Pierce's co.. Col. Richard Grid- 
ley's (Artillery) regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 1 day ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 27, 1775. 

Beers, William. Private, Capt. John Stutson's co., Maj. Edward Proctor's detach- 
ment of guards ; detached Dec. 10, 1777 ; discharged March 1, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 
22 days, under Maj. Gen. Heath at Boston. 

Beers, William, Reading. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Read- 
ing for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 4, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 12, 1780; service, 5 mos. 20 days. 

Beetle, . [This name also appears under the form of Beatle, Betle.] 

Beetle, Bexjamix, Newl)ury. Private, Capt. Jacob Gerrish's co.. Col. Moses Little's 
regt.; muster roll dated Prospect Hill, Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 8 days. 

Beetle, Edward, Lynn. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Lynn for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780 [service not given] ; reported deserted. 

Beetle, Edavard, Sandwich. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Nathaniel Freeman's (1st Barnstable Co.) regt., dated June 10, 1777; resi- 
dence. Sandwich ; enlisted for town of Sandwich ; joined Capt. Olney's co., Col. 
Angel's (or Anger's) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Beetle, Hexry. Private, Capt. Esaias Preble's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted March 31, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 
7 days, at Winter Hill ; company detached from militia. 

Beetle, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Smith's co. ; pay roll for service from Sept. 
1, 1776, to Nov. 21, 1776, 2 mos. 21 days, at Martha's Vineyard. 



894 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Beetox, John, Westborough. Private, Capt. George Baker's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3^ days; also, Capt. IJriirham's co.. Col. 
Cushing's regt. ; pay abstract for 8 raos. service at Dorchester [year not given] ; 
reported as belonging to alarm list. 

Beeton, John. Private, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island July 30, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 
15 days. 

Beeton, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
marched Aug. 21, 1777, to reinforce Xorthern army by order of Gens. Stark and 
Lincoln ; proceeded to Iladley and was there counter-ordered ; service, 7 days. 

Beeton, "William, Boston. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Wellfleet. 

Beeton, William, Jr., Rehoboth (also given England). Matross, Capt. David Cook's 
CO., Col. John Crane's (3d Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from March 27, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 6 mos. 4 days 
as Matross, 15 mos. as Gunner; also, Gunner; muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated 
Warren ; enlisted March 27, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men made up for 1780; Capt. Cook's co., 3d Artillery regt. ; age, 28 yrs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Rehoboth ; enlisted March 28, 
1778, by Lieut Dunnalds ; enlistment, during war. 

Beets, David. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1777 ; service, 31 days ; marched 
to Stillwater. 

Beeven, Joseph, Cambridge. Descriptive list of enlisted men returned by Joseph 
Hosmer, Suy)erintendent for Middlesex Co.; age, 20 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; 
complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, light; occupation, farmer ; residence, Cam- 
bridge ; enlisted Feb. 4, 1781 ; mustered April 4, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Begalo, Aaron. Capt. Thomas W. Foster's co.. Col. Richard Gridley's (Artillery) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, due for the 8 mos. service 
in 1775. 

Begelow, CoKNELirs. Private, Cajit. Peter AVoodbury's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's 
regt. of guards; enlisted July 9, 1778; discharged July 30, 1778; service, 22 
days, at Cambridge. Roll dated Lancaster. 

Begelow, Enoch. Capt. Samuel Cnrtis's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learned's regt.; order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 26, 1775. 

Begilow, Thomas, Blandford. Private, Capt. Phineas Stebbins's co., Col. Nathan 
Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Oct. 7, 1778; roll made up to Dec. 12, 1778; service, 2 
mos. 12 days ; company detached to reinforce Gen. Sullivan and ordered to 
Boston. 

Begley, Joseph. Lieutenant, Capt. Cornelius Jansen's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's 
(1st New York) regt.; muster roll for April, 1781, dated West Point; appointed 
March 1, 1780; reported on command at Fort Edward. [See Josiah Bagley.] 

Begsbe, Daniel, Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co., Col. John Baker's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Begshe, Daniel, Jr., Topsfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Gould's co.. Col. John Baker's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days. 

*Begsi!EE, Ehenkzek, Partridgefield. Private, Capt. Ephraim Cleavland's co.. Col. 
Michael Jackson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts [service not given] ; 
reported died in 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 895 

Behm, John-, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jane, 1780; Capt. Far- 
rington's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 

6 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Boston ; enlistment, 6 months from July, 
1780. 

Beirce, Ebenezee. Quartermaster-Sergeant, Capt. Josiah Ilayden's co., Gen. John 
Thomas's regt. ; muster roll for 61 days from Sept. 1 [year not given], dated 
Camp at Roxburj- ; enlisted April 19, 1775. 

Beirce, Levi. Private, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778; ser\'ice, 9 days; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on 
two alarms. 

Beirge, Asahel, Southampton (probably). Sergeant, Capt. Lemuel Pomeroy's co., 
Col. John Dickerson's regt.; enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; 
service, ^0 days ; marched to Saratoga under command of Col. Ezra May. 

Beizee, Jeax Alexis. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 14, 1779 ; Capt. Lunt's co.. Col. Henley's regt. 

Bejvne, Johx. Capt. William Bacon's co., Col. John Glover's regt. ; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Jan. 1, 1776. 

Bekwith, Silas. Sergeant, Capt. Andrew Lusk's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 13, 1777; service, 23 days, ^vith Northern 
army. 

Bekt, Magnus, Goffstown. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of April 
20, 1778, for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 
23, 1778; age, 25 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, 
brown ; residence, Goffstown ; enlisted for town of Beverly. 

Bel, John, HolUston. Private, Capt. Jacob Miller's co.. Col. Ephraim Doolittle's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; serA'ice, 2 mos. 19 
days. 

Belacher, William, Stoughton. Corporal, Capt. William Briggs's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Belamy, Abner. Private, Capt. Samuel Flower's CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Albany, March 9, 1778 ; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776. 

Belchar, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co., Maj. Nathaniel Heath's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted Sept. 30, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1779 ; serAice, 1 mo. 
12 days ; company detached by order of Gen. Hancock to man the forts at and 
about Boston. 

Belchar, Jonathan, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co., Col. Lemuel Rob- 
inson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 12 days. 

Belchard, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Jacob Wales's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, dated West Point ; enlisted June 22, 
1778; discharged March 21, 1779; enlistment, 9 months. 

Belchard, Ebenezer. Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; warrants to paj' oflScers and 
men for service at the Castle from July 25, 1786, to Jan. 25, 1787. 

Belcher, . [This name also appears under the form of Belacher, Belchar, Bel- 
chard, Belchor, Belsher, Belshire.] 

Belcher, Clifford, Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Edward Bridge Savel's (1st) co., 
Col. Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 

7 davs. 



896 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Belcher, Davik, Bellingham. Private, Capt. Jesse Holbrook's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 177") ; service, 11 days ; also, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co.. 
Col. L. Robinson's rest. ; enlisted Jan. 27, 1776; service, 2 mos.G days; regiment 
raised in York and Suffolk counties; roll dated Roxbury; also, Capt. Sabin 
Mann's co.. Col. Wlieelock's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island April 22, 1777 ; 
discharged May 10, 1777; service, 20 days. 

Belcher, David, Framingham. Private, Capt. Amasa Cranston's co., Col. Samuel 
Denny's regt.; enlisted Nov. 7, 1770; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 27 days, 
at Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Belcher, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Winslow's co., Col. Simeon Cary's 
regt. ; pay abstract for 7 days wages before marching to Roxbury Feb. 12, 1776. 

Belcher, Ekexezer. List of men who signed a petition for increase and payment of 
wages dated Camp at Hull, Sept. 17, 1776. 

Belcher, Erexe/.er, Scituate. Private, Capt. Samuel Stockbridge's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 21 days ; also, Capt. 
Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; marched Jan. 2, 1777 ; service, 
2 mos. 10 days ; company raised in Scituate and Hanover to serve at Bristol, R. I. ; 
also, descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the term of 9 months 
from tlie time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 22, 1778 ; Cajrt. Cushing's co.. Col. 
Cushing's regt.; age, 30 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; residence, 
Scituate. 

Belcher, Ebenezer. Private, Capt. Calvin Curtis's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 30, 1779; discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 1 day, at Rhode Island; 
company detached from 1st and 2d Plymouth Co. regts. for 2 mos. service. 

Belcher, Ehenezkr. Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; enlisted April 
15, 1781; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783; service, 18 mos. 15 days; also, Capt. 
Japhetli Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smitli's (6th) regt. ; return for wages, 
etc., for June-Dec, 1782; reported transferred from 10th Mass. regt. 

Belcher, Eleazer, Stouglitonham. Private, Capt. Josiah Pratt's co.. Col. Lemuel 
Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Stoughton 
and Stonghtonham ; discharged April 22, 1775; service, 5 days; also. Drummer, 
Capt. Pratt's co.. Col. Gill's regt. ; marched to Roxbury March 4, 1776, on an 
alarm ; service, 5.J days. 

Belcher, Elijah, Braintree (North Precinct). Private, Capt. Edmund Billings's co., 
Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; company assemljled June 13, 1776, to drive the 
British ships from Boston harbor ; service, 2 days. 

Belch KR, Elijah. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawen's co., Col. Williiun Mcintosh's 
regt. of guards; enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged April 7, 1778; service, 13 
days, at Roxbury. 

Belcher, Elijah, Jr., Braintree. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Braintree ; arrived at 
Si)ringfield July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. 
Jackson of the artillery ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised In- the town of 
Braintree for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 4, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1780 ; service, 6 mos. 2 days. 

Belcher, Jacoh. Private, Capt. Amos Perry's co.. Col. Haws's regt. ; enlisted July 
28, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 17 days, at Rhode Island. 

Belcher, Jacob. Private, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Peter Clayes, Col. 
Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; pay abstract for July, 1780; enlisted July 14, 1780; 
service, 18 days; also. Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Benjamin Pike, Col. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 897 

Belcher, Jacob, continued. 

Nixon's regt. ; pay abstract for Aug. and Sept., 1780; reported transferred to 
light infantry ; also, Capt. Al)el Holden's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; 
pay abstracts for Oct.-Dec, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 13, 1780 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Belcher, Jacob. Private, Capt. Joshua Lealand's co., Maj. Heath's regt.; enlisted 
Sept. 30, 1779 ; discharged Nov. 10, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 12 days, with guards at 
Boston. 

Belcher, Jacob, Framingham. Private, Capt. Moses Harrington's co., Col. Dilve's 
regt.; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1770, to March 1, 1777; also, de- 
scriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 
months, agreealile to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; 
complexion, light; residence, Framingham; arrived at Springfield July 14, 1780; 
marched to camp July 14, 1780, under command of Capt. Hancock ; also, list of 
men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as 
having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totowa.y, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay 
roll for G months men raised Ijy the town of Framingham for service in the Conti- 
nental Army during 1780; marched Jul.v 10, 1780; discharged Dec. 15, 1780; ser- 
vice, 5 mos. 15 days. 

Belcher, Jacob. Private, Capt. Staples Chamberlain's co.. Col. Dean's regt. ; enlisted 
March 7, 1781; discharged March 14, 1781; service, 11 days, at Rhode Island by 
order of Governor Hancock. 

Belcher, James. 2d Lieutenant, ship " General Putnam," commanded by Capt. 
Daniel Waters ; list of officers ; commissioned July 9, 1779 ; also, 2d Lieutenant of 
Marines ; pay roll for 1 mo. 28 days service from date of appointment, July 9, 1779, 
on expedition to Penobscot. 

Belcher, Jeremiah, Lanesborough. Descriptive list of men raised in Berkshire Co. 
agreeable to Act of Dec. 2, 1780 ; Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Simonds's regt. ; age, 45 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; hak, dark; occupation, cordwainer; 
residence, Lanesborough ; enlistment, 3 years ; delivered to William Walker, Supt. 
of Berkshire Co., by Capt. Smith ; also. Private, Capt. John Mills's co., Col. Joseph 
Vose's (1st) regt. ; muster roll for April, 1781, dated Garrison at West Point; en- 
listed Feb. 25, 1781 ; also, muster roll for May, 1781 ; reported confined ; also, mus- 
ter rolls for June-Aug., 1781 ; reported confined at West Point; also, muster roll 
for Sept., 1781; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated Huts; reported 
absent without leave ; also, muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts. 

Belcher, Jeremiah, Stoughtonham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Suffolk 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 14, 
1778, dated Dorchester; Capt. Sable's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; age, 50 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, gray; nationality, American; 
occupation, liusbandman ; residence, Stoughtonham ; enlisted for town of Stough- 
tonham; conducted to camp by Sergt. Elkanah Hixson of Col. Alden's regt., who 
received said Belcher from Maj. Stephen Badlam and delivered him to Brig. Gen. 
Jonathan Warner at Fishkill; reported enlisted May 20 (also given 27), 1778; 
also, return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted June 5, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 j'cars ; also. Private, Capt. Seth Banister's co., Col. William 
Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill; enlisted 
June 1, 1781 ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; also, 
muster rolls for Oct.-Feb., 1782, dated York Hutts; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army during 1781 and 1782; reported unfit for service; age, 
55 yrs. 5 mos.; stature, 5 ft. lOin. ; enlisted for town of Milton; served in 4th 
Mass. regt. ; reported disabled. 

Belcher, Johx, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co.. Col. Lemuel Robinson's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 6 days. 



898 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Belcher, John, "Wrentham. Private, Capt. Samiiel Cowell's co., Col. John Smith's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 11 days ; also, Capt. 
Lemuel Kollock's co.. Col. AVlieelock's regt.; marched from Wrentham to War- 
wick, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, IS days. 

Belcher, John. Private, Capt. Samuel Cowell's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
marched on a secret expedition Sept. 25, 1777 ; roll made up to Oct. 30, 1777 ; 
service, 1 mo. 5 days. 

Belcher, Joxathax. List of men who guarded PuUin's Point, Chelsea, by order 
of Capt. Samuel Sprague from April 19, 1775 ; discharged May 16, 1775 ; service, 
1 mo. 

Belcher, Jonathan', Stoughtouham (also given Stoughton). Private, Capt. Eben- 
ezer Tisdale's co., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 22 
days; also, Capt. William Briggs's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 days; also, company 
return dated Roxbury, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, Capt. Edward Bridge Savell's co., Col. 
Gill's regt. ; marched to Dorchester Heights March 4, 1776, on an alarm ; service, 
5 days ; also, Capt. Simeon Leach's co. of guards. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlistetl March 21, 1776; service, 2 days; marched from Stougliton to Braintree,. 
when British ships lay in Boston harbor; also, Capt. Robert Swan's co.. Col. 
Gill's regt. ; marched to Squantnm (The Moon) June 13, 1776, when the British 
fleet had left Boston harbor; service, 3 days; also, payroll for 5 days service 
from Dec. 19, 1776, at Castle Island; also, descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Suffolk Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at I'ishkill, 
June 14, 1778, dated Dorchester; Capt. Swan's co.. Col. Gill's regt.; age, 26 
3'rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2;^ in. ; complexion, light; hair, light; eyes, gray; nationality, 
American; occupation, husbandman; residence, Stoughton; enlisted for town of 
Stoughton ; conducted to camp by Sergt. Elkanah Hixson of Col. Alden's regt., 
who received said Belcher from Maj. Steplien Badlam, and delivered him to Brig. 
Gen. Jonathan Warner at Fishkill ; enlisted May 27, 1778. 

Belcher, Jonathan, Needham. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Lincoln's co., 
Liexit. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 29 j-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; hair, light; occupation, farmer; residence, Needham; enlisted 
May 6, 1782 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Belcher, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Lieut. William Burbeck's co. ; pay roll for 
service from June 1, 1781, to Oct. 24, 1781, 4 mos. 24 days, at Castle and Gov- 
ernor's Islands by order of His Excellency John Hancock ; also, Capt. Thomas 
Cushing's co. ; paj' rolls for service from Oct. 25, 1781, to Dec. 24, 1782, 14 mos., 
at Castle and Governor's Islands. 

Belcher, Jonathan, Plymouth. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Sylvanus Harlow's co. dated Plymouth, Feb. 21, 1777 ; residence, Plymouth ; 
enlisted for town of Plymouth ; joined Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
James Hatch's (8th) co., Col. John Cushing's (2d Plymouth Co.) regt., dated Feb. 
14,1778; residence, Plymouth ; enlisted for town of Pembroke ; joined Capt. War- 
ren's CO., Col. Ichabod Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, list of men mus- 
tered in Plymouth Co. b}' James Hatch, Muster Master, between April 24, 1777, 
and May 7, 1777 ; Capt. Warren's co.. Col. Bradford's regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; resi- 
dence, Peml)roke ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, 3d co.. Col. Brooks's (late 
Alden's) regt. ; Continental Ai'inj' pay account for service from April 28, 1777, to 
Jan. 29, 1778; reported deserted; also, list of deserters dated West Point, Aug. 
18, 1782 ; Capt. Mills's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's (7th) regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light ; hair, light; enlisted for town of Plymouth ; deserted 
Feb., 1778, at Albany. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 899 

Belchke, Jonathan, Jr. List of men who guarded Pullin's Point, Chelsea, by order 
of Capt. Samuel Sprague from April 19, 1775; discharged May 16, 1775; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 

Belcher, Joseph, Braintree. Private, Capt. Elihu Adams's co., under command of 
Lieut. David Linfield, Col. Benjamin Lincoln's rest., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 177"); service, 4 days; also, Capt. Eliphalet Sawin's co., Col. Joseph 
Palmer's regt. ; company assembled March 4, 1776 ; service, 15 days ; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel Belcher's co.. Col. Jonatlian Bass's regt.; service, 4 days ; company 
assembled at Braintree June 13, 1776, upon orders to march to Horse Neck, and 
June 24, 1776, upon orders to march to Nantasket. 

Belcher, Joseph, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Peter Talbot's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, 
Capt. Simeon Leach's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; marched to fortify Dorchester 
Heights ]March 4, 1776; service, 5 days; also, Capt. Theophilus Crane's co., Col. 
Gill's regt. ; marched from Stoughton to Braintree March 22, 1776 ; service, 2 days ; 
also, Capt. Robert Swan's co., Col. Gill's regt. ; marched to Squantum (The Moon) 
June 13, 1776, when the British fleet had left Boston harbor; service, 3 days; 
also, Capt. Theophilus Wikler's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in service 
from Dec. 30, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Belcher, Joseph. Capt. Endicott's co., Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt. ; discharged 
Nov. 11, 1776 [service not given]. 

Belcher, Joseph, Framingham. Corporal, Capt. Moses Harrington's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Belcher, Joseph. Receipt for mileage, etc., from Albany home signed by said 
Belcher and others in Capt. Gates's co., dated Marlborough, March 14, 1777. 

Belcher, Joseph, Manchester. Private, Capt. Haffield White's co., Col. Rufus 
Piitnam's regt.; muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; residence, Man- 
chester; enlisted for town of Manchester ; mustered by Esquire Gushing; reported 
discharged. 

Belcher, Joseph. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's (2d) co.. Col. Abner Perry's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Belcher, Joseph. Seaman, ship "Protector," commanded l)y Capt. John F. Wil- 
liams ; engaged Dec. 4, 1780 ; captured May 5, 1781 ; returned from captivity Feb. 
25, 1782; service, 14 mos. 21 days; also. State sloop " AVinthrop," commanded 
by Capt. George Little; engaged Aug. 2, 1782; service, 28 days; reported ran 
away Aug. 30, 1782. 

Belcher, Matheav, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Robert Orr's co., Col. John Bailey's 
regt., which niarclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. 
Nathan Alden's co., under command of Lieut. John Whitman, Col. Edward 
Mitchell's regt.; marched to Rhode Island on tlie alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; ser- 
vice, 12 days. 

Belcher, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Heath's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrisli's 
regt. of guards ; enlisted July 6, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; service, 5 mos. 
6 days, at Boston and Cambridge ; company drafted for 6 mos. service. 

Belcher, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Aljcl Richards's co.. Col. Jonathan Cogswell's 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 22, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 2 mos. 10 days, 
with guards at Boston. 

Belcher, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Ralph Thompson's co., Lieut. Col. Webb's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days; 
enlistment, 3 months ; regiment raised in Suffolk and Middlesex counties to rein- 
force Continental Armv. 



900 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Belcher, Nathaniel (also given Jr.) , Braintree. Captain, Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; 
service, 4 days ; company assembled at Braintree June 13, 1776, upon orders to 
march to Horse Neck, and June 24, 1776, upon orders to march to Nantasket; 
a^so, 4th CO., Col. Ebcnezer Thayer's (5th Suffolk Co.) regt.; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned July 17, 1777; also, Lieut. Col. Edward Symmes's 
detachment of guards ; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; discliarged May 26, 1778; service, 
3 mos. ; also, Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted June 27, 1778 ; also, account 
made up to date of discharge, Oct. 12, 1778; detached July 1, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 
12 days, at Rhode Island ; also, pay roll for service from Aug. 27, 1779, to Dec. 
1, 1779, 3 mos. 6 days, at Castle Island under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Belcher, Nathaniel, Jr. List of men who guarded Pullin's Point, Chelsea, by 
order of Capt. Samuel Sprague from April 19, 1775 ; discharged May 16, 1775 ; 
service, 1 mo. 

Belcher, Nathaniel, Jr., Braintree. Private, Capt. Silas Wild's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Lincoln's regt.; company assembled on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 
days ; also, Capt. Ebenezer Thayer, 3d's (Independent Volunteer) co. ; enlisted 
Feb. 3, 1776; discharged April 1, 1776; service, 1 mo. 27 days; also, Capt. 
Nathaniel Belcher's co.. Col. Jonathan Bass's regt.; service, 2 days; company 
assembled at Braintree June 13, 1776, upon orders to march to Horse Neck, 
and June 24, 1776, upon orders to march to Nantasket; also, Capt. Stephen 
Penniman's co., Col. Francis's regt.; pay abstract for travel allowance sworn 
to in Suffolk Co. Nov. .29, 1776; also, Capt. Belcher's co., Lieut. Col. Edward 
Symmes's detachment of guards; enlisted Feb. 26, 1778; discharged May 26, 
1778; service, 3 mos.; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 20 j-rs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, rudd}'; residence, Braintree; arrived at Spring- 
field July 8, 1780; marched to camp July 9, 1780, under command of Lieut. 
Jackson of the artillery; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Ijy the town of 
Braintree for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 4, 
1780; discharged Dec. 23, 1780; service, 6 mos. 1 day. 

Belcher, Nathaniel, 3d. List of men who guarded Pullin's Point, Chelsea, by 
order of Capt. Samuel Sprague from April 19, 1775; discharged May 16, 1775; 
service, 1 mo. 

Belcher, Richahb, Dedham. Private, Capt. Joseph Guild's co. of Minute-men, Col. 
Greaton's regt., which assembled on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 

Belcher, Richard, Boston. Matross, Maj. Thomas Pierce's co.. Col. Gridley's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 10, 1775; service, 1 mo. 

Belcher, Richard, Braintree. Private, Capt. John Cutler's (also given Capt. Nathaniel 
Belcher's) co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; enlisted July 2, 1778 ; service, 6 mos. 
2 days, at Rhode Island ; also, muster rolls for July-Oct., 1778, dated East Green- 
wich; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan. -Dec , 1778, 
dated East Greenwich; also, Capt. Belcher's co. ; marched Aug. 27, 1779; dis- 
charged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at Castle Island under Maj. Gen. 
Hancock. 

Belcher, Sam, Dorchester. Private, Capt. Oliver Billings's and Lieut. Lemuel Clap's 
CO., Col. Lemuel Robinson's regt., which assembled on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; 
service, 2 days. 

Belcher, Samuel, Braintree. Sergeant, Capt. Seth Turner's co.. Col. Benjamin Lin- 
coln's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Braintree (South 
Precinct) ; service, 4 days. 

Belcher, Samuel. Seaman, sloop " Machias Liberty." commanded by Capt. Jeremiah 
O'Brian; engaged March 1, 1776; discharged July 10, 1770; service, 4 mos. 9 
days. 



IN THE WAR OF THP: REVOLUTION. 901 

Belchek, Samuel, Ticonderoga. Private, Capt. Daniel Lane's co.. Col. John Brooks's 
(late Ichabod Alden's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Nov. 
20, 1776 [service not given] ; reported never joined ; also, list of deserters dated 
West Point, Aug. 18, 1782 ; Lieut. Col. John Broolis's (7th) regt. ; residence, Dart- 
mouth ; deserted in 1777. 

Belcher, Samuel. Private, Capt. Joseph Tower's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; discharged Dec. 12, 1777; service, 3 mos. 28 days, with 
Northern army. 

Belcher, Samuel. Private, Capt. Lemuel Clap's co.. Col. Pierce's regt. ; marched to 
Castle Island March 1, 1778; discharged April 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 3 days. 
Roll dated Dorchester. 

Belcher, Samuel. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawin's co.. Col. Joseph Palmer's regt. ; 
company assembled March 4, 1776; service, 8 days; also, Capt. Sawen's co., Col. 
William Mcintosh's regt.; enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged April 7, 1778; 
service, 13 days, with guards at Roxbury. 

Belcher, Samuel. Captain, Col. Jacobs's regt. of guards; list of men stationed at 
Boston under Gen. Gates, Jan. 1, 1779. 

Belcher, Samuel. Private, Capt. Job Cushing's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Pierce's regt. ; 
enlisted May 22, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at Rhode 
Island; stationed at Tiverton, R. I. 

Belcher, Sajiuel, Easton. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777; Capt. Burr's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt. ; also. Private, 4th co., Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from March 15, 1777, to June 3, 1777 ; reported deserted June 
3, 1777; enlistment, during war; also, Capt. Ephraim Burr's co.. Col. Bailey's 
regt. ; return of men in camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 24, 1778 ; reported deserted. 

Belcher, Samuel, Braintree. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Jan. 3, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, return 
of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; enlisted March 28, 1781 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Belcher, Samuel, Jr. Private, Capt. Eliphalet Sawen's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's 
regt. of guards ; enlisted March 25, 1778 ; discharged April 7, 1778 ; service, 13 
days, at Roxbury. 

Belcher, Sarson, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co.. Col. James Barrett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days ; also, Capt. 
Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt. ; marched Feb. 4, 1776 ; service, 
1 mo. 28 days. 

Belcher, Sarsox. Captain, 8th co.. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; pay abstract 
for 3 days service, between Jan 3, 1779, and Feb. 7, 1779, under Maj. Gen. Gates 
with guards at Boston; also, resignation dated Boston, May 23, 1780, signed by 
said Belcher, resigning his commission as Captain in Col. Edward Procter's (Bos- 
ton) regt. ; accepted in Council, June 7, 1780. 

Belcher, Supply, Stoughtonham. Private, Capt. Edward Bridge Savel's (1st) co., 
Col. Robinson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 
days ; also, Capt. James Endicott's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; enlisted 
March 20, 1778 ; discharged April 5, 1778; service, 18 days ; marched to Roxbury. 
Roll dated Stoughton. 

Belcher, Thomas, Braintree. Private, Capt. Elihu Adams's co., under command of 
Lieut. David Linfield, Col. Benjamin Lincoln's regt. which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; aho, Capt. Ebenezer Thayer. 3d's (Independent 
Volunteer) co. ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1776; discharged March 27, 1776; service, 1 mo. 



902 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Belcher, Thosias, continued. 

24 days ; aho, Capt. Nathaniel Belcher's co., Col. Jonathan Bass's regt. ; company 
assembled at Braintree June 13, 1776, upon orders to march to Horse Neck, and 
June 24, 1776, upon orders to march to Nantasket; service, 2 da^vs; also, Ser- 
geant, Capt. Belcher's co. ; marched Aug. 28, 1779; discharged Oct. 1, 1779; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 5 days, at Castle Island under Maj. Gen. Hancock. 

Belchee, William, Northbridge. Private, Capt. Josiah Wood's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 7 days. 

Belcher, William. Lieutenant; list of prisoners sent from Halifax to Boston in the 
cartel "Swift" Sept. 30, 1778. 

Belcher, William. 2d Mate, brigantine "Active," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet; engaged May 9, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 3 mos. 23 days. 

Belcher, Woodbridge, Palmer. Private, Capt. Sjivanus Walker's co., Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 16, 1775 ; service, 

2 mos. 2 weeks, 6 days ; also, company return [i)robably Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Belchor, Nath. Captain, Col. Solomon Lovell's regt. ; return of men who served for 

3 mos. with reinforcements to the Continental Army [year not given] . 

Beldex, Daxiel, Shelburne. Private, Capt. Agrippa Wells's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 10, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 26 
days; also, wages for Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Lawrence Kemp's co., Col. David Wells'a 
(Hampsliire Co.) regt.; enlisted Maj' 10, 1777; discharged July 17, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 9 days, at the Northward; also, Capt. Ephraim Jennings's co.. Col. 
Wells's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service on an 
expedition to the Northward. 

Beldex, Johx. Private, Capt. Edward Dinsmore's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 23 days, 
with Northern army. 

Beldex, Jonathax. Private, Capt. Timotliy Childs's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt.; 
enlisted Feb. 24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Beldex, Joxathax. Private, Capt. Thomas French's co., Col. David Wells's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 23, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Northern 
department. 

Beldex, Samuel, Ashfield. Private, Capt. Samuel Taylor's co., Col. Nicholas Dyke's 
regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated Dorchester Heights, Nov. 28, 1776. 

Beldix, Daxiel. Private, Capt. Ephraim Jennings's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 2, 1777 ; service in Nortlicrn department. 

Beldixg, . [This name also appears under the form of Belden, Beldin.] 

Beldixo, ArorsTus, Northtield. Private, Capt. Eldad Wriglit's co.. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Northfield and Warwick to Cambridge ; service, 23 days ; also, Capt. 
Eliakim Smith's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; order for advance pay dated 
Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days ; also, Capt. Moses Kellogg's co., Col. AVard's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Dec. 23, 1775. 

Beldixo, Charles, Pittsfield. Private, Cai)t. David Noble's co.. Col. John Patison's 
regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Caml)ridge; service, 12 days; also, Capt. Noble's co. ; list of men who enlisted 
April 22, 1775; service, 6 mos.; marched to Cambridge. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 003 

Beldixg, Elisha. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted June 6, 1781; dis- 
charged Sept. G, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield. 

Beluing, Hezekiah. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 23, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 24, 1777 ; service, 
1 mo. 2 days ; marched to Stillwater on an alarm ; also, equipment roll dated Nov. 
9, 1778 ; also, list of men credited with 9 mos. 2 weeks service [year not given] . 

Beldixg, James. Private, Capt. Elijah Deming's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 28, 1777; service, 20 days; ordered 
to Fort Edward by Maj. Gen. Schuylar; also, enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged 
Aug. 22, 1777 ; service, 6 days ; ordered to Bennington by Brig. Gen. Fellows ; 
also, pay roll for service from Sept. 19, 1777, to Oct. 17, 1777, 29 days ; ordered to 
Stillwater by Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Belding, Joab, Sunderland. Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
Woodljridge's (25th) regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 24, 
1775; rt/so. Private ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 1 day; rt/so, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 25, 1775; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Salmon White's co., sworn to 
April 5, 1779; enlisted for town of Whately ; joined Capt. Flower's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's regt. ; enlistment, during war (also given 3 years) ; mustered by Col. 
Woodljridge ; also, list of men in Continental service adjudged to be wrongly 
credited to towns in Hampshire Co. ; said Belding credited to Whately instead of 
Northfield; also, Corporal, Capt. Flower's co.. Col. Greaton's (2d) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 28, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Private ; muster roll dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777 ; mustered at Van 
Schaick's Island Sept., 1777; also, muster rolls for Oct., 1777, and Dec, 1777, 
dated All)any; also, Corporal; muster rolls for Jan.-May, 1778, dated Albany; 
also, muster rolls for June, July and Aug., 1778, dated White Plains ; also, muster 
roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fredericksburg ; enlisted Feb. 10, 1777 ; also, muster roll 
for Oct., 1778, dated Camp at Roxburj-; also, muster rolls for Xov., 1778-Jan., 
1779, dated Continental Village ; also, muster roll for Fel)., 1779, dated Quarters 
near Croten River ; reported on command at White Plains ; also, muster roll for 
March, 1779, dated Quarters near Croten Bridge ; also, muster roll for April, 1779, 
dated " Crompond ; " also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated Camp Highlands ; also, 
muster roll for June, 1779, dated Constitution Island ; also, muster rolls for July 
and Aug., 1779, dated Camp Highlands; also, muster roll for Sept., 1779, dated 
Camp Bedford ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1779, dated Camp near Peekskill ; also, 
Capt. Joseph Crocker's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Feb. 28, 1780; reported discharged Feb. 28, 1780; 
also, Capt. Flower's CO., Col. Greaton's regt.; muster roll dated Jan. 13, 1780; 
reported sick at N. Castle from Oct., 1779. 

Belding, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days ; marched to Ticonderoga. 

Belding, John, Amherst. Private, Capt. Oliver Coney's co.. Col. Sears's regt. ; marched 
Aug. 12, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 15, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; enlistment, 3 
months. 

Belding, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 12, 1777 ; service, 
1 mo. 8 days, in Nortliern department. 

Belding, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Newell's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; muster roll made up from July 1, 1777, to Dec. 22, 1777, dated Providence ; 
enlisted Sept. 1, 1777; also, pay abstract for bounty for service from Dec. 1, 1777, 
to Jan. 4, 1778, 1 mo. 4 days. 



004 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Beldixg, Jonathan, Conway. Private, Capt. Joshua L, Woodbridge's co., Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted July 16, 1779 ; service, 4 mos. 15 days, at llhode 
Island; also, muster roll for Dec., 1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; service, 1 mo. 

7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Belding, Jonathan, Northfield. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to resolve of 
June 9, 1779; Capt. Hunt's co., Col. Williams's regt.; age, 18 jts.; stature, 5 ft. 

8 in.; complexion, dark; hair, black; enlistment, 9 months; received at Spring- 
field July 19, 1779, by Capt. James Cooper; also, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Brad- 
ford's (14th) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1779; discharged April 15, 1780; enlistment, 

9 months ; also, descriptive list of men raised agreeable to order of Court of June 
22, 1780; Capt. Seth Pierce's co.. Col. Seth Murray's regt.; age, 19yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Northfield; mustered July 20, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 months from time of arrival at Claverack ; detached from 6th 
Hampshire Co. regt. ; roll dated Warwick ; also, Private, Capt. Pierce's co., 
Col. Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. Roll dated Leverett. 

Belding, Joseph, Hatfield (also given Whately) . Sergeant, Capt. Israel Chapin's co., 
Col. John Fellows's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm 
of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 25, 
1775. 

Belding, Joshua. Private, Capt. Salmon W^hite's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days, at the Northward 
by order of Gen. Horatio Gates ; also, Capt. White's co.. Col. Ezra May's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; service, 30 days; marched to 
Saratoga. Roll sworn to at Hatfield. 

Belding, Levi, Pittsfield. Lieut. James Hubbard's co. ; list of men who marched to 
Ticonderoga Dec. 16, 1776 ; dismissed March 16, 1777 ; service, 13 weeks ; also, 
Capt. Belding's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's regt. ; return of men who marched 
to Horse Neck [year not given] ; drafted from Berkshire Co. militia, but failed to 
join regiment. 

Belding, Oliver, Lenox. Captain, 7th co., 2d Berkshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned May 4, 1776; ra/so, Maj. Caleb Hyde's regt. ; enlisted 
July 8, 1777; discharged Jul}' 26, 1777; service, 19 days, with Northern army; 
also, Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 14, 1777; 
service, 24 days, at the Northward. 

Belding, Oliver. Corporal, Capt. Josiah Yale's co. ; enlisted Oct. 12, 1781; dis- 
charged Oct. 20, 1781 ; service, 12 days ; company marched from Lee and Lenox 
to Stillwater, l)y order of Brig. Gen. Rossiter, on an alarm. 

Belding, Pail, Whately. Private, Capt. Henry Stiles's co., which marched Ajjril 21, 
1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days. 

Belding, Paul. Private, Capt. Seth Murray's co., Maj. Jonathan Clap's regt.; en- 
listed July 9, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 10 days; marched 
on expedition to Fort Edward and Mosses Creek. 

Belding, Pavl, Jr. Private, Capt. Seth Murray's co., Maj. Jonathan Clap's regt.; 
enlisted July 9,1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 10 days; marched 
on expedition to Fort Edward and Mosses Creek. 

Belding, Richard. Private, Capt. Abijah Savage's co.. Col. Henry Sherburne's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Rhode Island, Aug. 21, 1778; enlisted March 7, 1778; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 905 

Beldixg, Selah, Conway. Capt. Robert Oliver's co., Col. Ephraim Doolittle's (24th) 
regt. ; receipt for advance pay dated Charlestown, June 27, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 9, 1775 ; service, 3 nios. ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 18, 1775. 

Beldixg, Selah. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co., Col. David Field's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 4 days; marched to the 
Xorthward by request of Gen. Horatio Gates ; dismissed by order of Gen. Lincoln. 
Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Beldixg, Selah. Corporal, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Ruggles AVoodbridge's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days 
with Northern army. 

Bele-w, , Wrenth"am. Captain, Col. Seth BuUard's regt. ; return of officers dated 

Medfield, March 2, 1781 ; company detached for not more than 40 days and or- 
dered to march to Tiverton, R. I. 

Belford, William. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; service, 
4 days, at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth on an alarm, Sept. 6, 1778. 

Belfouxtax, Rexee. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's 
regt. ; pay roll for 12 days service, between Dec. 4, 1778, and Jan. 4, 1779. 

Belfourtan, Rexee. Private, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln co. regt. ; pay roll 
for 14 days service at Machias, between Aug. 31, 1779, and Nov. 20, 1779. 

Belixgham, Axthont. Receipt for wages for service on board frigate " Hague," 
commanded by Capt. John Manley, to May 10, 1783 [service not given] . 

Belkaitch, David. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by Trueman "WTieeler, 
Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war. 

Belkxap, . [This name also appears under the form of Balknap, Belnap, Beltknap, 

Blenap.] 

Belkxap, Abel, Lynn. Private ; list of men who served at Concord battle and else- 
where belonging to Lynn, now called Lynn, Lynnfield and Saugus; also, Capt. 
Ezra Newhall's co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; order for advance paj- dated Cam- 
bridge, June 8, 1775; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. New- 
hall's CO., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 4, 1775. 

Belkxap, Abraham, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge ; service, 3 days. 

Belkxap, Daxiel, Monson (also given South Brimfield). Private, Capt. Freeborn 
Moulton's CO., Col. Danielson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Cambridge; service, 21 daj-s; reported as having left Camtjridge May 6, 
1775 ; also, Capt. Amos Walbridge's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 13, 1775; service, 2 mos. 23 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Walbridge's co., Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (late Brewer's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, 
dated Roxbury, Nov. 4, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Nehemiah Ma.v's co.. Col. John Bliss's regt., dated Feb. 11, 1778; 
residence. South Brimfield ; enlisted for town of South Brimfield ; joined Capt. 
Keep's CO., Col. Shepard's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Caleb Keep's 
CO., Col. William Sheppard's (3d) regt. ; Continental Army paj- accounts for ser- 
vice from March 23, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Lieut. John Wright's (late Capt. 
Keep's) CO., Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster .roll for July and Aug., 1778 ; also, mus- 
ter rolls for Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Providence ; also, Lieut. Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's CO., Col. Shepard's regt.; muster roll for March and Ai)ril, 1779, dated 
Providence ; enlisted March 13, 1777 ; also, Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 18, 1780. 



906 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Belknap, Ebenezeh, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Samuel Sawyer's co., Col. Jobn "Whit- 
comb's regt., wliich marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; 
also, Capt. Epliraim Richardson's co., Col. Asa AVhitcomb's regt. ; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 177"); enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days. 

Belkxap, Ehenezer. Lieutenant, Capt. Francis Willson's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; enlisted June 27, 1777 ; roll made up to July 27, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. ; roll 
dated Providence; also, paj' roll for service from Dec. 1, 1777, to date of dis- 
charge, Jan. 3, 1778, 1 mo. 3 days; roll dated Providence; also, 1st Lieutenant; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Oct. 25, 1779; regiment detached 
from Middlesex Co. and Worcester Co. brigades to reinforce Continental Army ; 
also, Capt. "Wilson's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; enlisted Oct. 21, 1779; dis- 
charged Nov. 23, 1779; sei'vice, 1 mo. 11 days, at Claverack; comjiany raised to 
reinforce Continental Army in New York. IloU sworn to in Suffolk Co. 

Belkxap, Ebexezer, Lancaster. Captain, Col. Wade's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned April 14, 1778; company raised for the defence of tlie New 
England States; also. Col. AVade's regt.; enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged Jan. 
3, 1779; service, 9 mos. 3 days, at Rhode Island; also, muster roll made up from 
date of enlistment, March 14, 1778, to Sept. 1, 1778, dated East Greenwich ; enlist- 
ment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, muster roll made up to Nov. 1, 1778, dated 
East Greenwich; also, muster roll for Jan.-Nov., 1778, dated North Kingston; 
also, muster roll for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated East Greenwich. 

Belknap, Ebexezeu, Westborough. Fifer, Capt. Moses Wheelock's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 6, 1775; service, 
2 mos. ; also, Private, Capt. Wood's co., Col. Jeduthun Baldwin's regt. of Artil- 
lery artificers; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Aug. 22, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 3 years. 

Belkxap, Fiiaxcl>^. Private, Capt. Joel Stevens's co., Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 25, 1781 ; service, 13 days, on an alarm at 
Saratoga. Roll dated Pittstield. 

Belkxap, Jesse, Hebron. Capt. James Horton's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. of artificers; 
enlisted Aug. 6, 1777 [service not given] ; enlistment, 3 years ; company reported 
to have been from Connecticut. 

Belkxap, Johx, Jr., Monson (also given South Brimfield). Private, Capt. Freeborn 
Moulton's CO., Col. Danielson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 
1775, to Cambridge ; service, 20 daj-s ; reported as having left Cambridge May 5, 
1775; also, Capt. Amos Walbridge's co.. Col. David Brewer's regt.; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 12, 1775; service, 2 mos. 24 daj's; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Belkxap, Joxas, Belchertown. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's regt.; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft.; comjjlexion, light; hair, light; resi- 
dence, Belchertown; enlisted Nov., 1776; mustered Ijy Sergt. Tryon; also, 
Private, Capt. Luke Day's co., Col. Brooks's (late Alden's) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported mustered by Col. 
Ruggles Woodbridge ; also, Capt. Day's co., (late) Col. Ichabod Alden's regt.; 
return of men in camp before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Clierry Valley, Fel). 24, 1779; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Day's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported as serving 
2 mos. as Private, 10 mos. as Corporal ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men, 
dated Feb. 20, 1782; Light Infantry co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 
22 (also given 24) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, light; hair, light (also 
given dark) ; occupation, farmer; residence, Belchertown ; enlisted Nov., 1777; 
enlistment, during war; also, Capt. William Wliite's (Light Infantry) co., Lieut. 
Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, datcil West Point; also, Capt. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 907 

Belknap, Joxas, continued. 

Coburn's (Light Infantrj-) co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; muster rolls for Feb., 
1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts; also, Sergeant, Light Infantry co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; list of men furloughed; leave given by Gen. Patterson Dec. 17, 
1782, to go from New Windsor to Belchertown for 40 days ; overstayed 2 days ; 
also, list of men discharged ; discharged June 10, 1783, by Gen. Washington, term 
of enlistment having expired ; also, list of men who received honorary badges for 
faithful service ; reported served from Nov. 15, 1775. 

Belknap, Joxas, Belchertown. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Dwight's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated South Hadley, May 28, 1777; 
enlisted for town of Belchertown ; joined Capt. James Keith's co , Col. Michael 
Jackson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Belknap, Joseph, Westborough. Private, Capt. Seth Morse's co., Maj. Gen. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Belknap, Joseph. Sergeant, Capt. John Walton's co. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776; dis- 
charged Dec. 21, 1776; serviae at Noddle's Island; also, receipt for wages for 
sersice in Dec, 1776, dated Cambridge, May 29, 1777. 

Belknap, Joseph. Private, Capt. Daniel Winchester's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 21 days, 
in Northern department. 

Belknap, Josiah, Woburn. Private, Capt. Jesse Wyman's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; arrived at Rhode Island May 10, 1777; discharged July 10, 1777, at Point 
Judith ; service, 2 mos. 9 days. 

Belknap, Peter, Sturbridge. Private, Capt. Timothy Parker's co.. Col. Warner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Belknap, Samuel, Woburn. Captain of a company which marched on the alarm of 
April 19, 1775, from AYoburn via Concord to Cambridge ; service, 28 days ; re- 
ported as serving until formation of army; also, Lieutenant; list of men in the 
1st CO. of Woburn under Capt. Josiah Johnson, taken April 30, 1775 ; also, Cap- 
tain, 1st Woburn co., 2d Middlesex Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned Maj' 6, 1776; also, Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt.; enlisted Oct. 9, 
1776 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 50 days. Roll dated North Castle. 

Belknap, Stephen, Winchendon (also given Westborough). Drummer, Capt. Eze- 
kiel Knowlton's co.. Col. Dyke's regt. ; pay abstract for gun and blanket money, 
dated Dorchester Heights, March 31, 1776 ; also, pay abstract for travel allowance 
from Dorchester home, dated Dorchester, Nov. 20, 1776; also, pay abstract for 
travel allowance to Dorchester, dated Dorchester, Nov. 30, 1776 ; also, return of 
men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Belknap, Stephen. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
marched Aug. 21, 1777; service, 7 days; company marched to reinforce Northern 
army by order of Gens. Stark and Lincoln ; proceeded to Hadlej- and was there 
counter-ordered. 

Bell, . [This name also appears under the form of Bel, Bill.] 

Bell, Abraham. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Convers's regt.; 
enlisted July 23, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bell, Benjamin, Danvers. Private, Capt. Stephen AVilkins's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home sworn to Jan. 15, 1777. 

Bell, Benjamin. Seaman; list of prisoners sent from Halifax to Boston in the cartel 
" Swift," Sept. 30, 1778. 



908 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bell, Boston, Ipswich. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; 
enlisted May 14, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bell, Charles. Seaman, brigantine "Hawke," commanded by Capt. Jonathan 
Oakes ; engaged May 3, 1777 ; service, 1 mo., in the fleet under Commodore John 
Manley. 

Bell, Daniel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. "William Todd's (8th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1776, to May 8, 1776, 3 mos. 7 
days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Todd's (6th) co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; list of offi- 
cers ; commissioned Marcli 3, 1777 ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Col. Crafts's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Fel). 26, 1779; also, 
Capt. Todd's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; pay roll for 85 days service to Aug. 1, 1777 ; 
also, pay roll for Aug. and Sept., 1777 ; also, Capt. Terez Cushing's (7th) co.. Col. 
Crafts's regt.; payrolls for Sept.-Dec, 1778; also, list of officers; resignation 
accepted in Council, Feb. 26, 1779 ; also, list of officers entitled to clothing dated 
Boston, Dec. 31, 1779. 

Bell, Daniel, Danvers. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. in 1779, to 
serve in the Continental Army; Capt. Putnam's co.; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, .'> ft.; 
complexion, sandy ; residence, Danvers ; delivered to Ensign Edward Wliite ; 
also. Muster Master's return made by John Cushing, Muster Master for Essex 
Co., dated Boxford, Dec. 8, 1779; enlisted for town of Danvers; enlistment, 9 
months; also, Private, Capt. Japheth Daniels's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) 
regt. ; pay roll for Sept., 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days; also, pay abstract for Oct., 
1779; also. Drummer, Capt. Daniels's co., Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Nov. 1, 1779, to Dec. 31, 1779; also. Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; reported ap- 
pointed Fifer (also given Drummer) Feb. 1, 1780; also, return for clothing dated 
Peekskill, Dec. 1, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, 
Jan. 29, 1781 ; Capt. Daniels's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smitli's (late Nixon's) 6th 
regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft.; complexion, light; hair, sandy; eyes, light; 
residence, Danvers; enlisted Dec. 1, 1779, by Capt. J. Daniels; enlistment, dur- 
ing war; «Z.so, Drummer, Capt. Daniels's CO., Lieut. Col. Smith's regt.; returns 
for wages, etc., for Jan., 1781-Dec., 1782. 

Bell, Daniel. Captain Lieutenant, Cajjt. John Ingersoll's (Artillery) co., Suffolk Co. 
regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 7, 17S0; company 
raised from Boston regt. and stationed at Fort llill. 

Bell, Daniel, Lebanon. Capt. Job Sumner's co., Col. Jolin Greaton's (2d) regt.; 
muster return [year not given] ; reported deserted. 

Bell, David. Private, Lieut. Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt. ; service with detach- 
ment commanded by Maj. Andrew Symmes, drafted to serve for 5 weeks in 
guarding stores at and about Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath, by order of Council 
of May 12, 1777. 

Bell, David. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. William Cunningliam's (Ward No. 4) co.. Col. 
Henry Bromfield's (Boston) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned 
Nov. 25, 1776; also, Captain, 5th CO., Col. Jabez Hatch's (Boston) regt.; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Aug. 11, 1777 ; also, Lieut. Col. Symines's 
regt. ; roll made up for service from Feb. 12, 1778, to May 12, 1778, with guards at 
Boston under Maj. Gen. Heath ; also, Col. Jacobs's regt. of guards ; list of men in 
service at Boston under Gen. Gates, Jan. 1, 1779; also. Col. Hatch's regt.; pay 
abstract for 3 days service between Jan. 3, 1779, and Feb. 7, 1779, with guards at 
Boston under Maj. Gen. Gates; also. Col. Edward Proctor's (Boston) regt.; list 
of officers; resignation accepted in Council, May 13, 1780. 

Bell, David. Captain's Clerk, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 
Tucker; engaged Dec. 13, 1778 [service not given]. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 909 

Bell, David. Gunner's Yeoman, frigate "Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel 

Tucker; engaged Jan. 2, 1779 [service not given]. 

Bell, Eleazeu Flagg. Private, Capt. John Homes's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. ; 
enlisted April 5, 1778; roll made up to July 4, 1778; service, 2 mos. 28 days, with 
guards at Cambridge. 

Bell, Geokge, Falmouth. Capt. David Bradish's co. ; billeting roll from date of 
enlistment. May 2.3, 177n, to date of marching to headquarters, July 8, 177.5, 
equivalent to 46 days; also, Private, Capt. Bradish's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt. ; compan}' return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775; also, Capt. 
Bartholomew York's co., Col. Phinney's (18th) regt.; muster roll dated Garrison 
at Fort Georg», Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted April 1, 1776; reported deserted July 10, 
1776; also, muster roll dated Boston, July 15, 1777; reported enlisted by Lieut. 
Alden. 

Bell, George. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777 ; Capt. White's co.. Col. Francis's regt. 

Bell, George, Beverlj-. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 
Beverly CO., Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 13, 1778; residence, Beverly ; enlisted for 
town of Beverly ; joined Capt. White's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years. 

Bell, George, Beverly. Private, Capt. Hatfield White's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (4th) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 8, 1777, to Aug. 26, 
1779; reported invalided; deserted Aug. 26, 1779; also, muster return dated 
Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; residence, Beverly ; enlisted for town of Beverly ; mustered 
by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master ; reported joined company of invalids at Bos- 
ton ; also. Corporal, Lieut. Ephraim Minot's corps of invalids ; payroll for June- 
Sept., 1778, dated Boston; also, order for gratuit_v payable to Lieut. Osgood 
Carlton, dated Boston, Feb. 15, 1779; also. Private, Capt. White's co.. Col. Put- 
nam's regt.; certificate of service dated Boston, Feb. 25, 1779, given by Lieut. 
Col. Ezra Newhall, stating said Bell to have been in service on or before Aug. 15, 
1777; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, Lieut. Osgood Carleton's co., Col. 
Lewis Nicola's regt. ; muster roll for Aug., 1779, dated Boston. 

Bell, Hexrt. Private, Capt. William Foord's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; enlisted 
July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Bell, Isaac. Private, Capt. David Bell's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Feb. 12, 1778; discharged May 12, 1778; service, 3 mos., under Maj. 
Gen. Heath at Boston. 

Bell, James. Corporal, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Jonathan Warner's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 15 days. 

Bell, James. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Convers's regt. ; enlisted 
July 23, 1777; discharged Jul}- 26, 1777; service, 4 da.vs, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Bell, James, Shirley. Retm-n of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Jona- 
than Cogswell's regt., dated Ipswich, May 14, 1778; residence, Shirley; enlisted 
for town of Ipswich; joined Capt. Job Sumner's co.. Col. Graton's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Bell, James, New Braintree. Return of men enlisted into Continental Ai-my from 
Capt. Thomas Whipple's and Capt. Francis Stone's cos.. Col. Converse's (4th 
Worcester Co.) regt.. Gen. Warner's brigade, dated Feb. 21, 1778; residence. New 
Braintree (also given Ireland) ; enlisted for town of New Braintree; joined Capt. 
Sumner's co.. Col. Greaton's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; reported 
mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master ; also. Private, Capt. Jol) Sumner's 
CO., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1777, to July 4, 1779; reported deserted. 



910 :VIASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bell, Jajies, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Boston, June, 1780 ; Capt. 
Farrington's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 55 (also given 60) 
yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in. ; complexion, dark (also given ruddy) ; residence, Bos- 
ton; arrived at Springfield July 23, 1780; marched to camp July 23, 1780, under 
command of Sergt. Charles Newcomb ; enlistment, 6 months from July, 1780. 

Bell, John, Billerica. Private, Capt. Edward Farmer's co.. Col. Green's regt., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Solomon 
Pollard's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. ; return of men in camp at Cambridge, dated 
May 1, 1775. 

Bell, Johx, Boston. Fifer, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 23, 1775; service, 2 mos. 11 days; 
also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Prosjject Hill, Oct. 25, 1775. 

Bell, John, Brool^field. Private, Capt. Jonathan Barns's co., Col. Jonathan Warner's- 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 10 days; reported 
returned May 1, 1775 ; also, Gunner, Capt. William Todd's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; 
return dated Boston, Dec. 16, 1776. 

Bell, John*. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. James Convers's regt. ; enlisted 
July 23, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at llhode 
Island. 

Bell, John. Boatswain's Mate; list of prisoners received from Halifax in the cartel 
" Favorite," dated Jan. 29, 1778; reported taken in the " Hancock." 

Bell, John. Corporal, Capt. Elias Parkman's detachment of guards ; enlisted July 
2, 1778; service, 15 days. Roll dated Boston. 

Bell, John. Private, Capt. Peter Combes's co. ; Lieut. Col. Prime's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 29, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 4 mos. 3 days, under Brig. Gen. 
Wadsworth at the Eastward. 

Bell, John. List of prisoners received at Marblehead from the cartel " Pacific " to be 
exchanged for British prisoners, as returned Ijy Thomas Stone, Commissary [year 
not given] . 

Bell, John, Jr., Boston. Private, Capt. King's co.. Col. Fellows's regt.; company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; reported deserted May 28, 1775. 

Bell, Jonathan, Tewksbury. Private, Capt. John Minot's co., Col. Dike's regt.; paj' 
abstract for travel allowance and wages for service at Dorchester Heights, 1 daj-, 
in Nov., 1776. 

Bell, Jonathan, Taunton. Private, 4th co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's (12th) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service fi-om Feb. 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
joined April 1, 1777; reported taken i)ris()ner July 7, 1777; also, Capt. James 
Cooper's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; paj- al)stract for 49 days subsistence from 
date of enlistment Feb. 10, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington; also, muster 
return dated Feb. 1, 1778; residence, Taunton; enlisted for town of Taunton; 
reported missing July 6, 1777. 

Bell, Joseph, Danvers. Capt. Gideon Foster's co.. Col. John Mansfield's regt. ; re-^ 
ceipt for advance pay dated Camltridge, July 4, 1775; also. Private; muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 22, 1775; service, 9 days; also, receipt for 
advance pay dated Camp at Prospect Hill, Aug. 10, 1775 ; also, Capt. John Baker's 
CO., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. 
Baker's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; orders for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775, and Dec. 25, 1775 ; 
also, list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 911 

Bell, Joseph, contimied. 

dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777; Capt. Foster's co.. Col. Greaton's regt. ; also, Capt. 
Samuel Foster's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 16, 1777, to Aug. 25, 1777; residence, Danvers; 
credited to town of Salem (also given Danvers) ; reported deserted. 

Bell, Moses. List of men who signed a receipt for wages for 4 mos. 20 days service 
in Capt. Caleb Kimball's co. at Winter Hill [year not given]. 

Bell, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Moses Bullard's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thaj'er's (Suffolk 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 27, 1780; roll made up to Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
4 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bell, Reuben. PriTate ; list of men returned as serving on main guard under Lieut. 
Col. Loammi Baldwin, July 3, 1775. 

Bell, Robert. Sergeant, Capt. James Gregg's co.. Col. Goose Van Schaick's (1st 
New York) regt.; muster rolls for Jan -April, 1781, dated West Point; enlist- 
ment, during war. 

Bell, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Jonathan Warner's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days. 

Bell, Samuel. Quartermaster, frigate " Boston," commanded by Capt. Samuel Tucker; 
engaged Jan. 12, 1779 [service not given]. 

Bell, Samuel. Private, Capt. Enoch Shepard's co.. Col. John Moseley's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 7 days; 
marched to Bennington on an alarm; also. Capt. James Black's co.. Col. David 
Moosley's regt. ; pay roll for service from June 15 to June 17, 1782, 3 days, on an 
alarm at Northampton. 

Bell, Solomon. Sergeant, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 5, 1777 ; discharged Sept. 29, 1777 ; service, 24 days, at 
the Northward of Pawlet. 

Bell, Stephen. Marine, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul Jones; list 
of men entitled to prize shares in the ship "Mellish" and brig "Active " [year 
not given] . 

Bell, Thomas, Plymouth. Boatswain's Mate, brigantine " Hazard," commanded by 
Capt. Simeon Samson; engaged Aug. 23, 1777 [service not given] ; also, brigan- 
tine " Hazard ; " engaged Nov. 23, 1777; discharged May 20, 1778 ; a/so. Boat- 
swain's Mate, State brig "Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams; 
engaged June 27, 1778 ; discharged Oct. 16, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days. 

Bell, Thomas (also given .Tr.), Colrain. Return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from 5th Hampshire Co. regt., sworn to April 5, 1779; residence, Colrain; 
enlisted lor town of Colrain ; joined Capt. Satterlee's co.. Col. Hazen's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war ; also, Lieutenant, Col. Moses Ilazen's regt. ; 
commissioned Jan. 9, 1777; service, 28 mos. 22 days; enlistment, during war; 
reported resigned June 1, 1779; also, descriptive list of men raised to reinforce 
Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; 
age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Colrain ; arrived 
at Springfield July 27, 1780 ; marched to camp July 27, 1780, under command 
of Capt. Storer. 

Bell, Thomas Brooks, Concord. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Middlesex Co. [year not given] ; residence. Concord ; enlisted for town of 
Concord. 

Bell, Walter. Private, Capt. Hugh McClallen's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ;- 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777; discharged Oct. 18, 1777; service, 1 mo. 2 davs. 



912 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bell, William. List of men in Col. "Wheelock's Orderly Book dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Sept. 6, 1776; served as Ensign in Col. Poor's regt., vice Lieut. 
Glidden promoted. 

Bell, William. Captain, Ward No. 6 co., Col. Henry Brorafield's (Boston) regt.; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Nov. 25, 1776. 

Bell, William. 2d Lieutenant, Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt. ; official record 
of a ballot Ijy the House of Representatives dated Boston, April 18, 1777 ; appoint- 
ment concurred in by Council, April 18, 1777; also, Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel 
Heath's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; pay abstract for 1 mo. 8 days service ; detachment 
drafted to serve at and about Boston, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 16, 1777. 

Bell, William, Boston. Corporal, Capt. Theodore Bliss's co., Col. John Paterson's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; 
also, compan}- return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. John Stutson's co., Maj. 
Edward Proctor's detachment of guards; company detached Dec. 10, 1777; dis- 
charged March 1, 1778; service, 2 mos. 22 days, under Maj. Gen. Heath at Bos- 
ton ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards ; enlisted Feb. 
1, 1779; discharged April 30, 1779; service, 3 mos., under Maj. Gen. Gates at and 
about Boston. 

Bell, William. Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged June 28, 1779; discharged Sept. 6, 1779; service, 2 mos. 10 
days; also, ship "Protector," commanded by Capt. John Foster Williams; 
engaged March 13, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 14 days ; also, 
order for wages dated Boston, Aug. 25, 1780. 

Bell, ZERrMBABEL. Col. Nixon's (6th) regt.; statement of Continental balances cer- 
tified April 10, 1786; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bellamy, . [This name also appears under the form of Belamy.] 

Bellamy, Abneu, West Springfield. Private, Capt. Samuel Flower's co.. Col. John 
Greaton's (2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, 
to Dec. 19, 1779; reported discharged; enlistment, 3 years or during war; mustered 
by Col. Woodbridge ; also, muster roll dated Camp at Stillwater, Sept. 15, 1777 ; also 
reported mustered at Van Schaick's Island, Sept., 1777 ; also, muster rolls for Oct. 
and Dec, 1777, Jan. -May, 1778, dated Albany; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776; reported 
on command at Schenectady in Dec, 1777 ; also, muster rolls for June, July and 
Aug., 1778, dated White Plains ; also, muster roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fredericks- 
burg ; also, muster roll for Oct., 1778, dated Camp at Roxbury ; also, muster rolls 
for Nov., 1778-Jan., 1779, dated Camp at Continental Village ; reported on furlough 
from Dec. 30, 1778, to Feb. 1, 1779; also, muster roll for Feb., 1779, dated Croton; 
also, muster roll for March, 1779, dated Croton Bridge. 

Bellamy, Chaules. Receipt for bounty paid him by Cai)t. William Dearing of Class 
No. 3 of the town of Kittery, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 
years, dated Wells, May 20, 1782. 

Bellamy, John, Kittery. Sergeant; list of men drafted in York Co. for service at 
Rhode Island; Capt. Samuel Grant's co. ; return nuide l)y Col. John Frost of 2d 
York Co. regt.. May 7, 1777 ; also, Capt. Samuel Grant's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Titcomb's regt.; payroll for 2 mos. 12 days service at Rhode Island; warrant 
allowed in Council, July 21, 1777. 

Bellaxgers, Edward. Gunner's Mate, ship "Alfred," commanded l)y Capt. John 
Paul Jones; list of men entitled to prize shares in tlie shi]) " Mellish " and l)rig 
"Active" [year not given] . 

Bellard, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Rowley's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Jan. 12. 1777; discharged April 3, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 20 days, at Ticonderoga. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 913 

Bellard, Joshua, Hadle)-. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Ruggles 
Woodbridge's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and from Ticonderoga, 
in 1776. 

Bellice, Joshua, Milton. Private, Capt. Josiah Vose's co. ; payroll for 3 days ser- 
vice between April 13 and April 26, 1776, in defence of the sea coast. 

Bellington, Francis. Private, 7th co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; Continental Army i)ay 
accounts for service from July 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bellingtox, Isaac, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Abiel Peirce's co., Col. Nicholas 
Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for blanket money, etc., dated Nov., 1776. 

Bellos, Jabez. Privjite, Capt. William Watson's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. Milieu's (3d) 
regt.; muster roll for Dec, 1782; also, Capt. Watson's co., Col. Greaton's (3d) 
regt., commanded by Lieut Col. Millen ; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1783; 
also, 4th CO., Col. Michael Jackson's (3d) regt. ; muster roll for Aug. and Sept., 
1783. 

Bellos, Jesse, South Hadley. Sergeant; list of men returned as serving on picket 
guard under Col. Woodbridge May 23, 1775; also, Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co., 
Col. Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 
1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, 
Oct. 25, 1775. 

Belloss, Jesse, South Hadlej-. Sergeant, Capt. Noadiah Leonard's co.. Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775; also, 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 9, 1775; service, 3 mos. 

Bellowes, Elihu, Northampton. Private, Col. Elisha Sheldon's (2d) regt. of light 
dragoons ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 26, 1777, to Dec. 
31, 1779; residence, Northampton (also given South Hadley) ; credited to town of 
Northampton ; also, return of men taken to April 22, 1779, dated Durham ; enlist- 
ment, during war; reported enlisted Feb. 26, 1777, by Capt. Stoddard; also, 
return dated Fishkill, June 18, 1779. 

Bellowes, Jesse, South Hadley. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Smith's co., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated May 28, 1777 ; residence. 
South Hadley; enlisted for town of South Hadley; joined Capt. Smith's co.. Col. 
Marshall's regt. 

Bellowes, Joseph. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt.; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 10, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 11, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bellows, . [This name also appears under the form of Belows, Bellos, Bellowes, 

Bllows.] 

Bellows, Charles. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard under 
Maj. Loammi Baldwin May 11, 1775. 

Bellows, Charles, Southborough. Private, Capt. Elijah Bellows's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Josiah Fay's co., Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bello-ws, Charles. Private, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Soul's) co., Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776; also, Capt. Haynes's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; pay 
abstract for 1 mo. 16 days service from May 15, 1777, dated Boston ; reported as 
having been refused payment of wages due previous to July 1, 1777, by Jonathan 
Trumbull, P. M. G., at Albany, on account of not having joined the regiment at 
Peekskill before said date. 



914 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bellows, Ebenezer, Southborough. Private, Capt. Elijah Bellows's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 16 days. 

Bellows, Ebexezer, Soiithborough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co., Col. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.5 [service not given] ; a^so, 
list of men in Capt. Gates's co., dated Jan. 30, 1776; enlisted Dec. -1, 1775 [service 
not given] . 

Bellows, Ebenezer. Corporal, Capt. Reuben Sibley's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; marched July 30, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 15 days, 
at Rhode Island. 

Bellows, Eliiiu, Northampton (also given Sontli Hadley). Private, Capt. Jonathan 
Allen's CO., Gen. Pomeroy's regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days ; reported enlisted into the army April 
27, 1775 ; also, Capt. Allen's co., Col. John Fellows's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 4 days; also, company 
return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 7, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army dated April 8, 1779; residence, Northampton; enlisted for 
town of Northampton ; joined Col. Elisha Sheldon s (Light Horse) regt. ; also, 
Col. Sheldon's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, during war. 

Bellows, Elijah, Southborough. Lieutenant, Capt. Silas Gates's co., Col. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 [service not given] ; also, list 
of men in Capt. Gates's co., dated Jan. 30, 177G; enlisted Dec. 4, 1775 [service 
not given] ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Gates's co., Col. J. Ward's regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Jan. 29, 1776. 

Belloavs, Elijah, Southborough. Captain of a company which marched on the alarm 

• of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days; also, Captain, 5tli (Southborough) co., 6th 

Worcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 5 (also 

given April 17) 177G; also, list of officers drafted from Col. John Golding's regt. 

[year not given] . 

Bellows, Ezekiel, Paxton. Sergeant, Capt. Phineas Moore's co.. Col. Ephriam Doo- 
little's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 
10 days ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Adam Maynard's 8th (also given 7th) co., 
1st Worcester Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 28, 
1778; also, Capt. William Tucker's co., Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt.; enlisted July 
6, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 5 mos. 27 days. 

Bellows, Isaac, Ilublmrdston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. William Marean's co., 7th Worcester Co. regt. [year not given] ; residence, 
Hubbardston ; enlisted for town of Ilubbardston ; joined Capt. Adam Wheeler's 
CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war; also, Private, 
Colonel's co.. Col. Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from March 27, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt.; return for clothing for 1777; reported al)sent; also. Colonel's co.,. 
commanded by Lieut. Benjamin Heywood, Col. Nixon's regt.; pa}- abstracts for 
Aug. and Sept., 1779 ; reported joined from desertion Aug. IS, 1779 ; also, Colonel's 
CO., commanded by Lieut. Matthew Ciiamliers, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts 
for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also. Colonel's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 28, 1780; reported dis- 
charged March 28, 1780; also. Colonel's co., commanded by Capt. Lieut. Peter 
Clayes ; pay abstract for Jan.-June, 1780. 

Belloavs, Isaac, Jr., Ilubbardston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. William Marean's co., 7th Worcester Co. regt. [year not given] ; resi- 
dence, Hubbardston; enlisted for town of Ilubbardston; joined Capt. Adam 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 915 

Bellows, Isaac, Jr., continued, 

"Wheeler's CO., Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, during war; also, Fifer, Colonel's 
CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Arm}' paj' accounts for service 
from March 27, 1777, to Dec. 29, 1777; reported deceased Dec. 29, 1777; aho, 
Capt. Adam Wheeler's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; return for clothing for 1777. 

Bellows, Jauez. Private, Capt. William "Watson's (6th) co., Lieut. Col. Millin's (.3d) 
regt. ; order for wages for Feb. and March, 1783, dated Cantonment near New 
Windsor; also, muster roll for April, 1783. 

Bellows, James, Westborough (also given Grafton). Private, Capt. Edmund Brig- 
ham's co., Maj. Gen. Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; 
service, 5 days; reported enlisted into the army; also. Corporal, Capt. Moses 
Wheelock's co.. Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return [probably 
Oct., 1775] ; also. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; company to be mounted if possible ; marched to reinforce Northern army 
Aug. 21, 1777, by order of Gens. Stark and Lincoln; proceeded to Hadley and 
was there counter-ordered; service, 7 days; also. Corporal, Capt. Brigham's co., 
Col. Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 
2 mos. 28 days, at the Westward. 

Bellows, James. Private, Capt. Elias Pratt's co. ; enlisted April 13, 1779; discharged 
July 1, 1779; service, 2 mos. 18 da}'s, ^vith guards at Rutland. 

Bellows, Jajies. Private, Capt. Luke Wilder's co.. Col. Samuel Denney's (2d) regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Oct. 27, 1779, to Dec. 1, 1779, 1 mo. 5 days, at Claverack. 
Roll dated Albany. 

Bellows, James. Private, Capt. Ephraim Stearns's co.. Col. John Rand's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. II 
days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bellows, Jakeu. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co., by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, April 25, 1779; Capt. Hill's co.. Col. Patterson's regt. 

Bellows, Jedediah, Southborough. Private, Capt. Hancock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1778, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Vose's regt.; payroll for Feb., 1779; 
also, (late) Capt. Davis's co., Col. Vose's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 
1779, dated Providence; also, Colonel's co.. Col. Vose's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Aug. 17, 1780; reported deserted, 
Aiig. 17, 1780. 

Bellows, Jesse, Charlestown, No. 4. Capt. Seth Murray's co.. Col. Woodbridge's 
regt.; receipt for advance pa}- dated Cambridge, June 29, 1775; «7so, Private ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 2 mos. 16 days; re- 
ported died July 12, 1775 ; also, company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 30, 1775. 

Bellows, Jesse, South Hadley. Sergeant, Capt. Josiah Smith's co.. Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt. ; enlisted May 25, 1776; rolls made up to Dec. 1, 1776; service, 
6 mos. 12 days; regiment raised for defence of Boston; also, return of men en- 
listed into Continental Army from Capt. Montague's co.. Col. Porter's regt., 
dated June 30, 1778; residence. South Hadley; enlisted for town of South Had- 
ley ; joined Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or dur- 
ing war; also, Private, 2d co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported trans- 
ferred to corps of invalids, June I, 1778; also, Capt. Josiah Smith's (3d) co.. Col. 
Marshall's regt.; muster roll dated West Point, Feb. I, 1779; enlisted Dec. 21, 
1776 ; reported sick at Hadley ; also, muster roll dated West Point, May 3, 1779; 
rejjorted sick at Hadley. 



916 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bellows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's cc, Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. ; en- 
listed April 1, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with guards 
at Roxbury. 

Bellows, Joseph, Paxton. Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Thompson's co., Col. Deany's 
rc^t. ; enlisted Sept. 26, 1777; service, 1 mo., in Maj. Asa Baldwin's division, in 
Northern department; roll dated Holden; also, Capt. March Chase's co., Col. 
Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1778; discharged Dec. 12, 1778; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 5 days, at Dorchester. 

Bellows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Moses McFarland's co. (of invalids). Col. Lewis 
Nichola's regt. ; muster roll for Sept., 1779 ; stationed at Boston ; reported " mus- 
tered up from May 1 to May 15 [year not given], then discharged." 

Bellows, Joseph, Lunenburg. Lieutenant, Capt. Da\-id Wilder's co. of Minute-men, 
Col. John Whetcorab's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from 
Lunenburg; service, 12 days; also, Captain, 4th (2d Lunenburg) co.. Col. Abijah 
Stearns's (8th Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
March 23, 1776; also, Maj. Bridge's regt. ; marched to Bennington Aug. 22, 1777, 
on an alarm, by order of Gen. Stark and Col. Warner; service, 9 days; also, pay 
roll for service from date of enlistment, Oct. 1, 1777, to Oct. 19, 1777, 25 days, at 
Saratoga; also, 2d Major, 8th Worcester Co. regt.; official record of a ballot by 
the House of Representatives, dated June 2, 1779 ; appointment concurred in by 
Council, June 2, 1779. 

Bellows, Joseph, Grafton. Private, Capt. Timothy Brigham's co., Col. Job Cush- 
ing's regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 29, 1777, at Bennington ; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 10 days, on an alarm ; company raised to reinforce Northern army ; 
also, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co.. Col. Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 12, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 18 days, at the Westward; also, de- 
scriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, 
agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, 
light ; residence, Grafton ; arrived at Springfield July 13, 1780 ; marched to camp 
July 13, 1780, under command of Capt. Thomas Pritchard; also, Capt. Sylvanus 
Smith's CO., Col. Timothy Bigelow's (15th) regt. ; muster rolls for Aug., Sept. and 
Oct., 1780; enlisted July 10, 1780; enlistment, 6 months; also, list of men raised 
for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed 
muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, Capt. Smith's co.. 
Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster roll for Nov. and Dec, 1780, dated Garrison at West 
Point. 

Bellows, Jotham, Southborough. Private, Capt. Elijah Bellows's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 17 days. 

Bellows, Samuel, Westborough. Private, Capt. Edmund Brigham's co., Maj. Gen. 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 21^ daj'S; 
also, list of men in Capt. Brigham's co. of Minute-men at Westborough in 1775; 
enlisted May 9 [year not given] ; also, Capt. Brigham's co.. Col. Job Cushing's 
regt. ; company to l)e mounted if possible ; marched to reinforce Northern army 
Aug. 21, 1777, by order of Gens. Stark and Lincoln; proceeded to lladley and 
was there counter-ordered ; service, 5 days. 

Bellows, Silas, Paxton. Private, Capt. Phineas Moore's co.. Col. Ephraim Doo- 
little's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 10 days. 

Bellows, Silas, Oakham. Private, Capt. Seth Washburn's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; service, 2 mos. 26 days; 
also, company return dated Oct. 8, 1775. 

Bellows, Silas. Sergeant, Capt. John Howard's co.. Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance from Saratoga home, dated March 12, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 917 

Bellows, Simeon, "Westborough. Private, Capt. George Baker's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, ISiJ daj's. 

Bellows, Stephen, Southhorough. Private, Capt. Silas Gates's co.. Col. Ward's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 [service not given] ; also, list 
of men in Capt. Gates's co. dated Jan. 30, 1776; enlisted Dec. 4, 1775 [service not 
given] . 

Bellows, Stephen. Private, Capt. Asa Rice's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; enlisted 
July 27, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 10 days ; marched to Man- 
chester and Bennington on an alarm. Roll dated Shrewsbury. 

Bellows, Stephen. Corporal, Capt. Seth Newton's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; 
enlisted April 1,-1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with 
guards at Roxbury. 

Bellows, Timothy, Southborough. Private, Capt. Elijah Bellows's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 4 days ; also, Capt. Josiah Fay's co.. Col. 
Jonathan Ward's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; 
also, Capt. Noah Allen's (late Soul's) co.. Col. Asa AVhitcomb's regt.; muster roll 
dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted March 5, 1776; also, Capt. 
Haj-nes's co.. Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; pay abstract for 1 mo. 16 days 
service from May 15, 1777, dated Boston ; reported as having been refused pay- 
ment of wages due previous to July 1, 1777, by Jonathan Trumbull, P. M. G., at 
Albany, on account of not having joined regiment at Peekskill before said date; 
also, Capt. Ephraim Lyon's co.. Col. Wade's regt.; enlisted June 24, 1778; dis- 
charged July 13, 1778 ; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Groton. 

Bellot, Thaddeus. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lemont's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted July 2, 1778; discharged Jan. 1, 1779; service, 6 mos. 9 days, at 
Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Boston. 

Belmer, John. List of prisoners belonging to Salem [year not given]. 

Belnap, Abel. List of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutchinson of 
the 27th regt. dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776; reported taken prisoner at Fort 
Washington; served in Capt. Newhall's co. 

Belnap, Daniel. Private, Capt. Abel King's co.. Col. Sears's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 
1781 ; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., at Saratoga. 

Belnap, Ebenezer, Westborough. Fifer, Capt. Wheelock's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, enlistment agreement dated July 2, 
1776, signed by said Belnap and others, engaging themselves to march to New 
York and to remain in service until Dec. 1, 1776, unless sooner discharged; also. 
Private, Capt Samuel Baldwin's co.. Col. Dike's regt. ; return of men in ser\ice 
from Dec. 29, 1776, to March 1, 1777 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Armj- from Capt. Nathan Fisher's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt. [year not given] ; 
residence, Westborough; enlisted for town of Westborough ; joined Capt. Wood's 
CO. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported a mechanic. 

Belnap, Ebenezer. Captain, Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt. ; return of officers for 80 
days rations taken to June 2, 1778 ; appointed March 14, 1778. 

Belnap, Ebenezer. Fifer, Capt. Jonathan Houghton's co., Col. Smith's regt.; list of 
men [year not given] . 

Belnap, Ebenezer. Ensign, Capt. Samuel Sawyer's co., Col. Jonathan Smith's regt. ; 
list of officers [year not given] . 

Belnap, John. Private, Capt. Nehemiah May's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; en- 
listed May 10, 1777; discharged July 8, 1777; service, 2 mos. 8 days; enlistment, 
2 months. Roll dated South Brimfield. 



918 IVIASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Belnap, Johx, Jr. Capt. Amos Walbridge's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (late D. Brewer's) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbur.v, Nov. 4, 
1775. 

Belxap, Joxas, Belchertown. Capt. John Cowls's co., Col. Benjamin Buggies Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; order for advance paj- dated Cambridge, June 29, 1775 ; also. 
Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Belnap, Sami-el, Belchertown. Private, Capt. John Cowls's co., Col. Benjamin Bug- 
gies Woodbridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; 
service, 2 mos. 8 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; reported 
enlisted for town of Granby; also, order for l)ounty coat or its equivalent la 
money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 23, 1775 ; reported deceased. 

Belnap, Samuel, Woburn. Captain; list of men drafted from Middlesex Co. dated 
Sept. 26, 1776; marched on expedition to Horse Neck. 

Belows, Ebenezeu. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's (Cavalry) co., Col. "Whitney's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 6 days, on an 
alarm at Bennington. 

Beloavs, Jedediah, Southborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Seth Newton's (4th) co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated April 19, 
1779; residence, Southborough; enlisted for town of Southborough; joined Capt. 
Davis's CO., Col. Vose's regt.; enlistment, during war. 

Belows, Joseph. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co.. Col. Timothy Bigelow's (15th) 
regt. ; muster roll for July, 1780, dated Camp Tenack ( ? ) ; enlisted July 10, 1780 ; 
enlistment, 6 months. 

Belows, Silas. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co., Col. James Convers's regt. ; en- 
listed July 23, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island; also, Capt. Crawford's co., Col. Converse's regt.; enlisted Aug. 
20, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 5 days; marched to Bennington on 
an alarm. 

Bels, Jed. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's detachment of guards; pay roll for ser- 
vice from May 30, 1780, to Aug. 1, 1780, 2 mos. 2 days, under Maj. Nathaniel 
Heath at and about Boston. 

Belshee, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joseph Baxter's co.. Col. Mcintosh's regt.. Gen. 
Lovel's brigade; enlisted Aug. 5, 1778; discharged Sept. 14, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
13 days, at Rhode Island. Roll dated Braintree. 

Belshihe, Jacob. Private, Capt. Daniel Barnes's co.. Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on a secret expedition Sept. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 3 
days. 

Belt, James, Maryland. Lieutenant; list of prisoners who were exchanged at New- 
port, Feb. 11, 1777. 

Beltkxap, Josiah, Woburn. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 27, 1778 ; Capt. 
Belknap's co.. Col. Fox's (3d) regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; residence, 
Woburn. 

Belcn, Joseph. Account of bounty paid him by town of Cambridge, to serve in the 
Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Cambridge, Sept. 1, 1781 ; raised 
agreealjle to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 919 



Eklvin Robekt. Matross, Capt. AViUiam Pierce's co., Col. John Crane's (Artillery) 
re'n-t • muster rolls for Sept.-Nov., 1778, dated Providence; enlistment, 3 years; 
aUo Capt. Pierce's co.. Col. Crane's (also given Harrison's) regt. ; muster roll for 
Dec' 1778; also, Capt. Pierce's co. Col. Crane's regt.; muster rolls for Jan. and 
Feb'.', 1779, dated Providence; enlisted March 23, 1777; also, pay roll for March, 
1779. 
Belzak, Benjamin-. Col. Bailey's (2d) regt.; list of deserters made up from Jan. 1, 

1777, to 1780; enlistment, during war; deserted Feb. 15, 1777- 
Bemain, Geokge. Capt. John Callender's co., Col. Gridley's (Artillery) regt. ; receipt 
for advance pay dated IlanskiU, June 22, 1775; also, Matross; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 5, 1775; service, 2 mos. 1 day. 
Beman, Abraham, Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Morse's co. of volunteers, 
Col. Jonathan Read's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 2, 1777; discharged Nov. 8, 1,<7; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 7 days ; marched to reinforce army under Gen. Gates. 
Beman, David. Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Carter's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's (Worces- 
ter Co.) regt., under command of Maj. Ebenezer Bridge; marched to \Villiams- 
town Aug? 22, 1777, by order of Brig. Gen. Jonathan Warner on an alarm; 
service, 11 days. Roll dated Leominster. 
Beman, Ezra. 1st Major, Hon. Artemas Ward's (6th_Worcester Co.) regt.; list of 

officers of Mass. militia; commissioned June 16, 1777. 
Beman, George, Boston (also given Brimfield). Private, Capt. AVilliam Toogood's 
(5th) CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from June 29, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, return of 
men in camp on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1/ /9 ; 
also, (late) Capt. Toogood's co.. Col. Nixon's (5th) regt.; muster roll for May, 
1779, dated Highlands ; reported sick at Hillsborough ; also, pay abstract f or Jmie 
and Julv, 1779 ; reported sick at Hillsborough ; also, pay abstract for Aug., 1h J ; 
reported omitted; also, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; pay 
abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also, descriptive list of men enlisted subse- 
quent to Sept. 30, 1779; Col. Nixon's regt.; age, 30 yrs.; stature, o ft. 10 in.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Brimfield; also, Capt. Peter Clayes s co. Col. 
Nixon's re-t.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, l<bO to 
Dec. 31, 17^80; reported invalided; also, Capt. Heywood's (5th) co.; return for 
clothing dated Feb. 6, 1780; also, Capt. Abel Holden's (Light Infantr.v) co., Co . 
Nixon'^ regt. ; pav abstracts for Jan.-July, 1780 ; reported transferred from Capt. 
Heywood's CO. Feb. 4, 1780; also, list of men in need of clothing dated A ilage, 
July 5, 1780; also, return of men in need of clothing dated Peekskill, July 31, 
1780 ; also, Capt. Clavs's CO., 6th regt. ; pay abstract for Nov. and Dec, 1/80 ; re- 
ported sick at FishkiU; also, (late) Capt. Toogood's co., 6th regt ; return for 
Clothing for 1780 dated Peekskill, Dec. 5, 1780 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781; Capt. Clayes's co., Lieut. Col. Smith s (6th) 
re-t. ; age, 45 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, dark ; 
residence, Brimfield; enlisted Nov. 16, 1779, by Capt. Clayes; enlistinent, durmg 
war; also, Capt. Clayes's (later Capt. J. K. Smith's) 3d co., Lieut. Col. Smith s 
(6th) regt.; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1781; reported sick in hospital 
Jan.-March, 1781 ; transferred to corps of invalids April 18, 1/81. 
Beman, Jabez, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Colton's co.. Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt.; 
Continental Armv pav accounts for service from Feb. 4, 1/ < / , to Dec. 31, i< -y , 
also, Fifer, Lieut. James Tisdale's (8th) co., Col. Greaton's regt.; muster rolls 
for June and July, 1778, dated White Plains; reported appointed Fifer I eb. 1, 
1778; also, (late) Capt. Samuel Foster's co., imder command of Lieut, lisdaie; 
muster roll for Sept., 1778; also, muster roll for Jan., 1779, dated Constitution 
Island; enlistment, 3 years; a/.o, muster roll for April, 1779, dated Crown loint; 



920 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bemax, Jabez, contimied. 

also, muster roll for Jul}-, 1779, dated Camp Highlands ; also, muster roll for Sept., 
1779, dated Camp Bedford ; also, Private, Capt. Samuel Foster's co.. Col. Greatou's 
regt. ; return of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, descriptive list 
of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 2.5, 1781 ; Col. Greatou's (3d) regt. ; age, 
ISj-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in. ; complexion, light; hair, brown; eyes, blue; residence, 
Lancaster ; enlisted Feb. 4, 1780, by Capt. Sumner ; enlistment, during war. 

Beman, Jesse. Private, Capt. Aaron Charles's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robinson's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at Ticonderoga, Feb. 24, 1777 ; 
enlisted Dec. 2."), 1776 ; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. 

Bemax, Johx, Stow. List of men returned by Capt. Cranston as stationed at "White 
Plains; endorsed "1776." 

Beman, Jonas. Private. Capt. Abncr Cranston's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; mus- 
ter roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776. 

Beman, Jonas, Princeton. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Worcester Co. ; 
Capt. Hastings's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; occupation, cordwainer; residence, Princeton; enlisted June 14, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bemax, Joseph, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Joseph White's co., Col. Asa AVhitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; service, 3 days ; 
reported enlisted into the array; also, Capt. Haskell's co.. Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; reported " in the works." 

Beman, Joseph. Matross, Capt. Joseph Balch's (3d) co., Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artil- 
lery) regt.; pay roll for service, 1 mo., between Nov. 1, 177G, and Feb. 1, 1777. 

BE3IAN, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Drury's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
June 6, 1778; discharged Feb. 10, 1779; service, 8 mos. 4 days, at North River, 
N. Y. ; enlistment, 8 months ; also, muster roll for Dec, 1778 ; reported deserted. 

Bemax, Noah. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Paul Brigham's 5th (2d Marlborough) co., Col. 
Ezekiel How's (4th Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned July 5, 1776. 

Beman, Phixeas, Hatfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co.; age, 22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Hatfield; enlisted July 4, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bemax, Phixkas, Brookfield. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 1777 ; resi- 
dence, Bi-ookfield; enlisted for town of Western. 

Bemax, Reuisex. Lieutenant, Capt. Simon Adams's co., Col. John Coller's regt.. Gen. 
Fellows's brigade; enlisted Oct. 13, 1781; discharged Oct. 20, 1781; service, 12 
days, on an alarm at the Northward by order of Col. John Ashley. 

Bemaxi), Japez, Harvard. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Samuel Hill's co., dated Dec. 17, 1777; joined Capt. Colton's co.. Col. Greaton's 
regt. ; residence. Harvard; enlisted for town of Harvard; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bkmaxt, Aahox, Marlborough. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bemas, AitUAHAM, Sandwich. List of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 921 

Bemas, Amos, Winchendon. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned 
bj' Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Toto- 
way, Oct. 25, 1780; also, Private, Capt. Joseph Killam's co.. Col. llufus Putnam's 
(5th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point ; enlisted July 9, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 9, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bemas, Daniel, Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 1 day; also, Maj. Lamson's C(j. ; list of men 
detached from Col. Brooks's regt. to relieve guards at Cambridge [year not 

given] . 

Besias, Daniel. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstract for March, 1776. 

Bemas, Is.^^vc, Waltham. Corporal, Capt. Childs's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bemas, Isaac, Waltham. Private, Capt. Edward Fuller's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
return of men in service [probably in Oct., 1776]. 

Bemas, James. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstracts for Jan., April and Maj', 1776; also, pay abstract for June, 
1776, dated New York. 

Bemas, James. Private, Capt. Joseph Warner's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 18, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days, with 
Northern army. 

Bemas, Jedithan, Weston. Private, Capt. Abijah Childs's co., Col. William Bond's 
(late Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; 
also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 
20, 1775. 

Bemas, Joel. Seaman, State sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George Little; 
engaged Oct. 5, 1782; discharged Nov. 25, 1782; service, 1 mo. 20 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Bemas, Jonas, Sudbury. Private, Major's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; credited to town of Sudbury; also, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. Edward 
"Wigglesworth's regt.; muster roll for May, 1778, dated Valley Forge ; enlistment, 
during war; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated "Camp Greeneage; " also, 
Maj. John Porter's co., (late) Col. Wigglesworth's regt., under command of Maj. 
Porter ; muster roll for March and April, 1779. 

Bemas, Joseph, Stoughton. Private, Capt. James Endecott's co.. Col. Lemuel Robin- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 3 days. 

Bemas, Josiah, Waltham. Private, Capt. Child's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bemas, Josiah. Bombardier, Capt. Perez Cushing's (7th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt.; pay roll for service from Sept. 1, 1778, to Oct. 31, 1778, 
2 mos. 

Bemas, Nathaniel, Weston. Private, Capt. Child's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late 
Gardner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775 ; reported 
supplied the place of Abraham Parkhurst who was discharged ; also, Capt. Asahel 
Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt.; marched Feb. 4, 1776; service, 1 mo. 
28 days. 

Bemas, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. John Walton's co. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776 ; dis- 
charged Dec. 21, 1776; company detached Dec. 8, 1776, for service at Noddle's 
Island ; reported furloughed. 



922 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 



Bemas, Phixeas, Southborough. Private, Capt. Josiah Fay's co., which inarched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177'"); service, 7 daj-s; also, Capt. Cranson's co., Col. "Whit- 
comb's regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bejias, Phineas. Private, Capt. David Brewer's (10th) co.. Col. Abner Perry's regt.; 
enlisted Julj' 28, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 7, 1780 ; service, 14 days, at Rhode Island. 
Roll dated Framingham. 

Bemas, Reubex, Waltham. Private, Capt. Child's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bemas, Reubex. Private, Capt. Edward Fuller's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; return of 
men in service [probably in Oct., 1776]. 

Bemas, Reubex. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Brooks's regt. of guards; 
enlisted Nov. 7, 1777 ; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778 ; service, 2 mos. 26 da.vs, at 
Cambridge. 

Bemas, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Walton's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 
27, 1776 ; discharged Nov. 16, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 27 days. Roll dated North 
Castle. 

Bemas, TirADnEUs, Waltham. Private, Capt. Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's 
regt. ; pay absti'act for mileage, etc., dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Bemas, Thomas. Seaman, sloop "Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George Little; 
engaged Oct. 5, 1782; discharged Nov. 25, 1782; service, 1 mo. 20 days. Roll 
dated Boston. 

Bemass, Johx, Charlestown. Descriptive list of enlisted men, dated West Point, Jan. 
25, 1781 ; Col. John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in ; com- 
plexion, dark; hair, light; eyes, grey; residence, Charlestown; enlisted Nov. 14, 
1776, by Maj. Frazier; enlistment, during war; reported as serving in Col. Wig- 
glesworth's regt. 

Bemass, Joxas. Sergeant, Capt. Lebbeus Drew's co.. Col. William Shepard's (4th) 
regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 1781, dated York Hutts. 

Bembo, Jack. List of men who received bounty from the town of Bellingham, for en- 
listing in the Continental Army, agreeable to resolve of June 12, 1778. 

Bemeaxt, Asa. Private, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; pay roll 
for service from Oct. 14 to Oct. 18, 1780, 4 days, on an alarm at the Westward. 

Bemeant, Asa, Jr. Private, Capt. Ezra AVhittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt. ; pay 
roll for service from Oct. 20 to Oct. 22, 1780, 2 days, on an alarm at the Westward. 

Bemext, . [This name also appears under the form of Bearaan, Beament, Beck- 

vnth, Beeman, Bemand, Bemant, Bemeant, Bemet, Bemont.] 

Bement, . Private, Capt. Cushing's co., 1st regt. ; return for liquor due [year not 

given] . 

Bemext, Asa, Jr. Private, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co., 3d Berkshire Co. regt.; pay 
roll for 2 daj's service at the Northward on the alarm of Nov. 5, 1780. 

Bemext, Ebexezer, Great Barrington. Adjutant, Col. John Fellows's regt. of Minute- 
men; engaged April 21, 1775; service, 4 days; also, pay roll for 3 mos. 14 days 
service from April 25, 1775; also, list of officers dated Roxbury Camp, May 31, 
1775 ; commissioned June 7, 1775 [name crossed out on list] ; also, Col. Mark 
Hopkins's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; engaged July 15, 1776; discharged July 31, 
1770 ; service, 15 days, at and near Peekskill by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows ; also, 
Brigade Major, Gen. Patterson's brigade; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from June 10, 1777, to Aug. 12, 1779. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 923 

Besient, Jesse, Brimfield. Private, Capt. Joseph Thompson's co., Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 10 days ; also, company return dated Roxljury, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 7, 1775; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Heywood's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 24, 1780 ; reported 
discharged April 24, 1780. 

Bemext, Jesse. Receipt for bounty paid him by Ephraim Peirce of Class No. 11 of 
the town of Waltham to serve in the Continental -Vj-my for the term of 3 j-ears, 
dated Boston, May 15, 1782- 

Bement, Johx, Ashfield, Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 12, 1777; ser- 
vice, 1 mo. 8 days, in Northern department; also, descriptive list of men raised 
to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of 
June 5, 1780; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; residence, 
Ashfield; arrived at Springfield July 21, 1780; marched to camp July 21, 1780, 
under command of Capt. Isaac Pope ; also, pay roll for 6 months men, raised by 
the towTi of Ashfield for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched 
July 21, 1780 ; discharged Dec. 18, 1780; service, 5 mos. 6 days. 

Bement, Phineas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Phillips's co., Lieut. Col. Timothy Robin- 
son's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 23, 1776; discharged April 1, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days; marched to Ticonderoga; also, Capt. Phillips's co.. Col. 
Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 10, 1777; discharged Aug. 
12, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days, in Northern department; also, Capt. Abel Dins- 
more's co.. Col. Porter's regt. ; enlisted July 24. 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 13 days, at New London, Conn. 

Besiext, Seba. Private, Capt. Ephraim Chapin's co.. Col. Rnggles 'NVoodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 12, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 26 days, 
under Gen. Gates in the Northern department. 

Bemext, "William. Letter dated Sheflfield, Feb. 1, 1777, written by Col. John Fellows 
to the Council, asking that said Bement be commissioned as 2d Lieutenant in a 
Matross co., raised in Sheffield, for his (1st) regt. 

Bemes, Elisha, Fi-amingham. Capt. Jesse Eames's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's (5th 
Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of men dated June 1, 1776. 

Be3ies, James. Private, Capt. Thomas Mighill's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., in 1776, dated Rowley. 

Bemes, Johx, Salem. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; en- 
listed July 31, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bemes, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. David Goodwin's co., Col. Cogswell's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 24, 1778; discharged Oct. 1, 1778; service, 9 days, fortifying posts 
at and about Boston. 

Bemes, Nathaxiel. Private, Capt. Abraham Andrew's co.. Col. Cyprian How's (Mid- 
dlesex Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 27, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 
7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bemes, Sam., Spencer. Private, Capt. Eljenezer Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan "Warner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 37 daj'S. 

Bemet, Reibex. Sergeant, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
May 15, 1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 28 days, at Peekskill; 
enlistment, 8 months. 

Bemford, Thomas. Private, Capt. John Walton's co. ; enlisted Dec. 9, 1776 ; discharged 
Dec. 12, 1776; company detached Dec. 8, 1776, for service at Noddle's Island. 



924 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bemies, Henry, Packersfield, N. H. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Stiles's co., Col. Paul 
Dudley Sargent's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 21, 1775; 
service, 3 mos. 18 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 20, 1775. 

Bemies, Nathaniel. Capt. Abijah Child's co.. Col. "William Bond's (late Gardner's) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej', dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 
20, 1775. 

Bemis, . [This name also appears under the form of Beamas, Beamis, Beamiss, 

Beamos, Beamous, Bearaus, Beeamis, Beemas, Beemis, Beemiss, Beemus, Bemas, 
Bemass, Bemes, Bemies, Bemiss, Bemos, Bemus, Berris.] 

Bejiis, Abijau, Paxton. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Paxton for 
service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 11, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 16, 1780 ; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 

Bemis, Auner, Westminster. Private, Capt. Edmund Bemis's co., Col. Asa "Whit- 
comb's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service. 3 mos. 
5 daj's ; also, receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill ; also, company 
return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bemis, Ahram, Jr., "Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and 
Lexington ; service, 3 days. 

Bemis, Amasa, Spencer. Private, Capt. Cowls's co., Col. "Woodbridge's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probaljly Oct., 1775] ; also. Sergeant, Capt. Ralph Earll's co., Col. 
Danforth Keyes's regt.; enlisted July 9, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; service, 
5 mos. 25 days. Roll dated Providence. 

Bemis, Amos. Private, Capt. Zaccheus "SVright's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's regt. ; en- 
listed July 27, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. 8 days. Roll dated 
Suffolk Co. 

Bemis, Bauxard, Spencer. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes'a 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; ser\ice, 4 mos. 15 days. 
Roll dated Providence. 

Bemis, Benjamin, Spencer. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 16, 1777 ; discharged Jan. 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 19 days. 
Roll dated Providence. 

Bemis, Daniei,, Weston. Private, Capt. Fuller's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bemis, Daniel, Lexington. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's 
(26th) regt. ; pay abstract for April, 1776, dated New York ; also, pay abstract for 
May, 1776; also, pay abstract for June, 1776, dated New York. 

Bemis, Daniel, Paxton. Private, Capt. Ralph Earll's co.. Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 5, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; service, 4 mos. 29 days;, 
enlistment, 6 months. Roll dated Providence. 

Bemis, Daniel. Private, Capt. George Minot's co., Col. Samuel Ballard's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bemis, Daniel. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co.. Col. Jonathan "Reed's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bemis, Daniel. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Peirce's 
regt.; enlisted May 17, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 17 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 925 

Bemis, Daniel. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. Samuel Deanney's regt. ; en- 
listed Nov. 3, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo.; regiment detached 
to join Continental Army at Claverack; enlistment, 3 months. Roll dated 
Woburn . 

Bemis, David. Receipt for bounty paid him by Jonathan Brown, Town Treasurer of 
Watertown, dated July 17, 1776. 

Be3IIS, David, Westminster. Private, Capt. Noah Miles's co.. Col. John Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 11^ 
days; also, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co., Maj. Bridge's regt.; pay abstract for 
10 days service ; company marched from Westminster to East Hoosac on an alarm 
at Bennington, and was there dismissed; roll dated Aug. 22, 1777. 

Bejiis, Edmund, Westminster. Lieutenant, Capt. Noah Miles's co.. Col. John Whit- 
com's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 5 days ; reported enlisted into the army ; also, Captain, Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
(Worcester Co.) regt. ; return of men in camp at Caml)ridge, May 25, 1775 ; com- 
missioned Maj' 26, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; also, receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Pros- 
pect Hill; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bemis, Edjiund, AVestminster. Sergeant, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co., Maj. Bridge's 
(Worcester Co.) regt.; pay abstract for 27 days service; marched to reinforce 
Northern army, agreeable to resolve of Sept. 22, 1777. 

Bemis, Eleazer, Charlton. Private, Capt. Jacob Davis's co., Col. Ebenezer Larned's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 15 days ; 
reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. William Campbell's co., Col. Learned's 
regt. ; company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat 
or ils equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 21, 1775. 

Bemis, Elijah, Westminster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's (also given Elisha 
Jackson's) co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted July 10, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 
15 days; also, muster roll dated Middleton, R. I., Aug. 27, 1778; also, muster 
roll for Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated Freetown; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; 
reported died Sept. 20, 1778. 

Bemis, Isaac, Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas Gardner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Lexington; 
service, 3 days; also. Corporal, Capt. Abijah Child's co.. Col. Gardner's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 27, 1775 ; service, 96 days ; stature, 
5 ft. 11 in.; also, Capt. Child's CO., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 
37th regt. ; muster roll for Aug., 1775, dated Camp, Prospect Hill ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 20, 1775; also, 
Ensign, Capt. Moses Harrington's co., Col. Nicholas Dike's regt. ; list of officers 
to be commissioned from Dec. 1, 1776; approved in Council, Feb. 7, 1777; also, 
return of men in service from Dec. 20, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bemis, Isaac. Private, Capt. Parker's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt.. Gen. Knox's train of 
Artillery ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 
1, 1780; reported discharged March 1, 1780. 

Bemis, Jacob. Private. Capt. Joseph Fuller's co., Col. Samuel BuUard's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 20, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days, at Still- 
water ; also, Capt. Edward Fuller's co.. Col. William Mcintosh's regt. ; entered 
camp March 9, 1778; discharged April 5, 1778; service, IS days, at Roxbury. 
Roll dated Newton. 

Bemis, Jacob, Waltham. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co.. Col. John Jacob's 
regt.; enlisted July 17, 1778; service, 4 mos. 15 days; also, muster roll for Jan.- 
Aug., 1778, dated Freetown; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; reported sick and 



926 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bemis, Jacob, continued. 

absent; also, muster roll for Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated Freetown; reported sick and 
absent. 

Bemis, Jacob, Weston. List of men who agreed to serve in the Continental Army for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Springfield, dated AVoburn, 
June 21, 1779. 

Bemis, James, Weston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middle- 
sex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 8, 
1778; Capt. Weston's co., Col. Brooks's rest.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; 
residence, Weston ; enlisted for town of Weston. 

Bemis, Jasox. Private, Capt. John Buttrick's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 28, 
1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 11 days; Volunteer co. detached 
from Col. Brooks's regt. to reinforce Gen. Gates at the Northward; served at the 
taking of Gen. Burgo.vne. 

Bemis, Jasox, Concord. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Middle- 
sex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, agree- 
able to resolve of April 20, 1778; Capt. llul)l)ard's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; age, 
20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; residence. Concord ; enlisted for town of Concord. 

Bemis, Jedvthan. Private, Capt. George Minot's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days, in 
Northern department. 

Bemis, Jedl'thax, Weston (also given Lincoln). Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's 
CO., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Abijali Child's CO., Col. Thomas Gardner's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177r) ; 
enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 96 days; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; also, Capt. Child's 
CO., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; muster roll for Aug., 
1775, dated Camp Prospect Hill ; also, list of men drafted by Capt. Jonathan 
Fisk, dated Weston, Aug. 18, 1777. 

Bemis, Jesse, Spencer. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Warner's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, 
Sergeant, Capt. Abel Ilolden's (3d) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (5th) regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from. April 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
credited to town of Spencer ; reported as serving 7 mos. 5 days as Corporal, 25 
mos. 25 days as Sergeant; also, muster roll dated Camp near Peekskill, Feb. 16, 
1779; also, muster roll for May, 1779, dated Highlands; appointed Nov. 12, 1777; 
enlistment, 3 3-ears. 

Bemis, Johx, Spencer. Private, Capt. El)enezer Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan Warner's 
regt., which marclied on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Besiis, Johx, Brattleborough (also given Westminster). Private, Capt. Edmund 
Bemis's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted 
May 2, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 7 days ; also, receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated 
Prospect Hill ; also, company return [probably Oct , 1775] ; reported enlisted in 
the train June 6, 1775. 

Bemis, Johx, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's 
regt.; enlisted July 19, 1776; roll nuide up to Nov. 1, 1776; service, 2 mos. 12 
days ; also, return dated Castle Island, Aug. 12, 1776. 

Bemis, Johx. Private, Capt. George Minot's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 10, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 23 days, in Northern 
department. 

Bemis, Johx. Private, Capt. Daniel Harrington's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of'- 
guards; enlisted April 2, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; service, 3 mos. 2 
days, at Cambridge. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 927 

Bemis, John, Boston (also given Charlestown) . Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.^ 
Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monej', 
dated Cambridge, Oct. 25, 1775; also, Capt. Haynes's co., Col. Edward Wiggles- 
worth's regt.; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 177G; enlisted 
Nov. 15, 1776; reported as serving in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31, 1776; 
also reported as enlisting in Col. Greaton's regt. ; also, muster return [year not 
given] ; residence, Charlestown ; enlisted for town of Charlestown ; mustered by 
Maj. Barber. 

Bemis, John. Private, Capt. Benjamin Muuroe's co. ; pay abstract for 2 mos. 12 days 
service from Jan. 20 [year not given]. 

Bemis, John. Private, Capt. Lawson Buckminster's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Peirce's 
regt.; enlisted May 17, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 17 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 

Bejiis, John, Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., whicli marclied on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Fuller's co., Lieut. Col. 
Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 
1775; a/so, list of men who enlisted to serve as guards under Gen. Heath until 
Jan. 1, 1779, dated Weston, July 11, 1778; also, Capt. Thomas Ilovey's co., Col. 
Nathan Tyler's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 13, 1779; discharged Dec. 18, 1779; service, 
4 mos. 10 days, at Rhode Island; also, pay roll for Dec, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
4 days, at Rhode Island ; also, Capt. Asa Drury's co.. Col. Turner's regt. ; enlisted 
Oct. 10, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 11, 1781 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bemis, Jonas, Winchendon. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
John Boynton's co., Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 21, 1778; residence, Win- 
chendon; enlisted for town of Winchendon; joined company commanded by 
Capt. Haynes of Sudbmy ; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1780. 

Bemis, Jonas, Jr., Spencer. Return of men enlisted into Continental Armj' from Capt. 
Josiah White's co.. Col. Deney's regt., dated Charlton, Feb. 18, 1778; residence, 
Spencer; enlisted for town of Spencer; joined Capt. Slaten's co.. Col. Shepard's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bemis, Jonathan, Charlton. Private, Capt. Webb's co.. Col. AVilliam Shepard's (3d) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780 ; reported invalided ; also, return dated Highlands, Feb. 24, 1780 ; also, Capt. 
George Webb's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; return made up 
to Dec. 31, 1780, dated West Point. 

Bemis, Joseph. Certificate dated Stoughton, March 26, 1783, given by the selectmen 
of Stoughton, permitting said Bemis to draw pay for the soldiers who went from 
Stoughton to Rhode Island on the 40 days expedition in 1781, under Capt. 
Armstrong. 

Bemis, Joshua, Westminster. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co.. Col. Dilce's 
regt. ; pay abstract for gun and blanket money, dated Dorchester, Fell. 12, 1777 ; 
also, return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Capt. 
Elisha Jackson's co., Maj. Bridge's (AVorcester Co.) regt.; pay abstract for 27 
days service ; marched to reinforce Northern army agreeable to resolve of Sept. 
22, 1777; aZso, descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Angell's co.. Col. Rand's 
regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, West- 
minster; enlistment, 9 months; marched July 21, 1779; reported mustered by 
Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, July 13, 1779; delivered to Ensign J. Hubble. 

Bemis, Josiah, Jr., Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas- 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and 
Lexington; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Abijah Child's co.. Col. Gardner's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 94 days; also, 
Capt. Child's co., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt.; muster 



928 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bemis, Josiah, Jr., continued. 

roll for Aug., 1775, dated Camp Prospect Hill ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in. ; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in mone.v, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 2, 1775 ; also, 
Capt. Child's co., 25th regt. ; receipt for wages, etc., for July, 1776, dated Mt. 
Independence. 

Bemis, Li'ke. Private, Capt. John "Walton's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of guards; 
roll made up for 2 mos. service, from Feb. 2, 1778, to April 3, 1778, guarding troops 
of convention at Cambridge; reported enlisted Jan. 12, 1778. 

Bemis, Nathaxiel. Sergeant, Capt. John AValton's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooiv's regt. of 
guards ; roll made up for 2 mos. service, from Feb. 2, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 
guarding troops of convention at Cambridge; reported enlisted Jan. 12, 1778. 

Bemis, Nathaniel, Weston. Private, Capt. Charles Miles's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's 
regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Ticonderoga [year not given]. 

Bemis, Ouadiah, Spencer. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Josiah White's co.. Col. Deney's regt., dated Charlton, Feb. 18, 1778; resi- 
dence, Spencer; enlisted for town of Spencer; joined Capt. Slaten's co., Col. 
Shepard's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; a/so. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. William 
Shei)pard's 3d (also given 4th) regt.; Continental Army pay account for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, return made up to Dec. 31, 1780, dated 
AVest Point. 

Bemis, Piiixeas. Private, Capt. Abner Cranson's co., Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 13, 1775. 

Bemis, Reuben, Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas Gard- 
ner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Lexing- 
ton ; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Abijah Child's co., Col. Gardner's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 98 days; stature, 5 ft. 
11 in.; also, Capt. Child's co., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th 
regt. ; muster roll for Aug., 1775, dated Camp Prospect Hill ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in monej', dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 20, 1775; also, Capt. 
Peirce's co.. Col. Samuel Thatcher's regt.; pay roll for service from March 4, 
1776, to March 8, 1776, 5 days; marched at the taking of Dorchester Heights by 
order of Gen. Washington. 

Bemis, Silas, Winchendon. List of men mustered in Worcester Co. for service at 
Rhode Island until Jan. 1, 1780; Capt. Boynton's CO., Col. Grout's regt.; mus- 
tered by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master, July 19, 1779; residence, Winchendon ; 
enlistment, 9 months; also, Capt. Thomas Fish's co.. Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; 
enlisted July 27, 1779; discharged Dec. 17, 1779; service, 4 mos. 26 days, at 
Rhode Island; also, pay roll for Dec, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Bemis, Stephen. Sergeant, Capt. Jolin Wood's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26tli) regt.; pay 
abstract for March, 1776. 

Bemis, THADDEus,Waltluim. Private, Capl. Moses Harrington's co.. Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bemis, Thaddecs. Private, Capt. Joseph Fuller's co.. Col. Samuel Bullard's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 22 days, at 
Stillwater. 

Bemis, Thomas, Westminster. Corporal, Capt. John Estabrook's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice 9^ days; also, Private, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co., Maj. Bridge's regt.; pay 
abstract for 10 days service, dated Aug. 22, 1777 ; company marched from West- 
minster to East Hoosac on an alarm at Bennington and was there dismissed. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 929 

Bemis, Zaccheis, Westminster. Private, Capt. Noah Miles's co., Col. John AVhit- 
comli's rejrt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Canil)ridse ; ser- 
vice, 11^ days. 

Bemis, Z.vchakiak, Westminster. Private, Capt. Elisha Jackson's co., Maj. Bridire's 
regt. ; pay alistract for 10 days service, dated Aui,'. '22, 1777; company marched 
from Westminster to East lloosac on an alarm at Bennington and was there 
dismissed. 

Bemiss, Abijah. Private, Capt. David Prouty's co., Col. Jol) Cushing's (Worcester Co.) 
regt. ; marched July 27, 1777, to reinforce Northern army by order of Gen. War- 
ner ; reported left service before the regular discharge. Roll dated Spencer. 

Bemiss, Abijah, Paxton. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 27 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Paxton; arrived at Springfield 
July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of Capt. Thomas 
Pritchard. 

Bemiss, Amasa. Private, Capt. John Woolcotfs co. of rangers, which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 12 days. 

Bemiss, Amos, Winchendon. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Arm}- for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Winchendon ; arrived at Spring- 
field July 9, 1780 ; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay. 

Bemiss, Bexjamix, Spencer. Private, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brookfield and Spencer; service, 12 
days; also, Sergeant, Capt. Joel Green's co., Col. Ebenezer Learnard's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 mos.6 days; also, 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

BE3I1SS, Daxiel, Lexington. Corporal, Colonel's co., Col. Wesson's regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 9, 1780; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Bemiss, David. Private, Capt. Josiah White's co., Col. Samuel Denny's (Worcester 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 5 days; 
marched to Hadley, in Lieut. Col. Benjamin Flagg's division, on an alarm at the 
Northward. Roll dated Spencer. 

Bemiss, Edmvxd, Charlton (also given Guilford). Private, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Learnard's regt. ; muster i-oU dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 9, 1775 ; 
service, 3 mos. ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]; also, order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec. 13, 1775. 

Bemiss, Edmuxd. Captain, Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; return of officers for clothing for 
1775. 

Bemiss, Eleazer. Ensign, Col. William Shepard's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Aug. 18, 1779; reported resigned; also, 
order for clothing, dated Camp Valley Forge, May 1, 1778; also, Capt. Reuben 
Slayton's co., Col. Shepard's (3d) regt.; muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and 
Nov., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; reported on furlough in Oct., 1778; also. 
Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; reported on command at the Western shore; 
also. Lieutenant, Col. Shepard's regt. ; list of settlements of rank of Continental 
officers dated West Point, Nov. 9, 1779, made by a board held for the purpose and 
confirmed by Congress, Sept. 6, 1779; reported resigned Aug. 18, 1779. 



930 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bemiss, Elijah. Private, Capt. John Morgan's co. ; enlisted Jan. 26, 1778; discharged 
July 1, 1778; service, o mos. 5 da.vs ; regiment detached from militia of Hamp- 
shire and Worcester counties to guard stores and magazines at Brookfield and 
Springfield. 

Bemiss, Jesse, Spencer. Private, Capt. Joel Green's co., Col. Ebenezer Learnard's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177") ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 1 day ; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 177-')] ; «/.so, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army from Caj)t. David Prouty's co.. Col. Denny's regt., dated Feb. 13, 
1778 ; residence, Spencer ; enlisted for town of Spencer ; joined Capt. Holden's co.. 
Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years; reported mustered by Thomas Newhall, 
Muster Master, Ma}- 6, 1777. 

Bemiss, John, Spencer. Corporal, Capt. Joel Green's co.. Col. Ebenezer Learnard's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; a/so, return of men enlisted into Con- 
tinental Army dated Jan., 1781 ; Col. Shepard's (4th) regt. ; enlisted March 4, 
1777 ; residence, Spencer ; enlistment, during war. 

Bemiss, Jonas. Lieutenant, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Brooktield and Spencer; service, 12 days. 

Bemiss, Joxas, Jr., Spencer. Private, Capt. Field's co., Col. William Sheppard's (3d) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779 ; also, Capt. Reuben Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster return dated 
Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778; residence, Spencer; enlisted for town of Spencer; 
also, muster rolls for Jul}-, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; 
reported under confinement in Nov., 1778; also. Colonel's co.. Col. Shepard's 
regt.; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; enlisted March 

14 (also given March 4), 1777; enlistment, during w-ar; also, Corporal; Conti- 
nental Army paj' accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, 
return taken to Dec. 31, 1780, dated West Point; also, Capt. James Cooper's co.. 
Col. Shepard's (4th) regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West Point; also, 
Capt. Lebbeus Drew's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster roll for June, 1781, dated 
Phillipsburgh ; reported promoted to Sergeant June 16, 1781; also. Sergeant; 
muster roll for July, 1781, dated Phillipsl)urgh ; also, muster roll for Aug., 1781 ; 
also, muster roll for Sept., 1781, dated Continental Village; reported on com- 
mand at Jersey; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; reported on command 
at Jersey ; also, muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Ilutts. 

Bemiss, Jonathan-, Charlton. Private, Capt. Field's co.. Col. William Sheppard's 
(3d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 1777, to Dec, 
31,1779; reported invalided; also, Capt. Reuben Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's 
regt. ; muster return dated Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778 ; residence, Charlton ; 
enlisted for town of Charlton ; also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 
1778, dated Camp at Providence; enlistment, during war; reported on command 
cutting wood in Oct. and Nov., 1778; also. Colonel's co., Col. Shepard's regt.; 
muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; enlisted March 1 (also 
given March 3), 1777; reported on command at Boston Neck. 

Bemiss, Joseph, Charlton. Capt. Jonathan Carriel's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt.; 
receipt for advance ])ay, etc., dated Point Shirley, June 13, 1776; also, Private; 
pay rolls for service from date of enlistment, May 17, 177G, to Nov. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 

15 days; muster roll for Aug.-Oct., 1776, dated Hull; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 4 
days service in Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Bemiss, Obadiah, Spencer. Private, Capt. Field's co., Col. William Sheppard's (3d) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 4, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Reuben Slayton's co.. Col. Shepard's regt. ; muster return dated 
Valley Forge, Jan. 30, 1778; residence, Spencer; enlisted for town of Spencer; 
also, muster rolls for July, Aug., Oct. and Nov., 1778, dated Camp at Providence; 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 931 



Bemiss, Obadiah, continued. 

reported sick at Valley Forge in July and Aug., 1778; also, Colonel's co., Col. 
Shepard's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence ; enlisted 
March 24 (also given March 4), 1777; enlistment, during war; reported sick in 
hospital. 

Bemiss, Reubex. Private, Capt. John Woolcott's co. of rangers, whicli marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 177'") ; service, 12 days. 

Bemiss, Samuel, Spencer. Corporal, Capt. Joel Green's co., Col. Ebenezer Learnard's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 26, 1775; service, 2 mos. 11 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; «/so, Capt. Jonathan Carriel's 
CO., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; receipt for advance paj*, etc., dated Point 
Shirley, June 1.7, 1776; also. Sergeant; payrolls for service from dale of enlist- 
ment, May 17, 1776, to Nov. 1, 1776, 5 mos. 15 days; roll for Aug. -Oct., 1776, 
dated Hull; also, pay roll for 1 mo. 4 daj's service in Nov. and Dec, 1776; also, 
Capt. David Prouty's co.. Col. Job Cushing's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 
27, 1777; discharged Aug. 28, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days; marched to reinforce 
Northern army l)y order of Gen. Warner. 

Bemox, Aaron, Marlborough. Pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Marl- 
borough for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 9, 1780; 
discharged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 5 mos. 16 days. 

Bemox, Jasox, Concord. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 17, 1778 ; Capt. 
Hubbard's CO., Col. Brooks's regt. ; age, 20 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; residence, 
Concord. 

Bemox, Johx, Ashlield. List of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bemox, Joxathan. Private, Capt. Francis Felton's (Marblehead) co. ; enlisted July 
17, 1775; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 23 days. 

Bemox, Phixeas. Capt. Cranson's co.. Col. Whitcomb's regt. ; receipt for wages for 
Sept., 1775, dated Prospect Hill. 

Bemox, Phixeas, Ashfield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 14, 1778 ; 
residence Ashfield. 

Bemoxt, Coxsider. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's CO. of guards ; enlisted March 16, 
1779; discharged June 16, 1779; service at Springfield. 

Bemoxt, Ebexezer. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Stephen Dewej''s co., Col. Jonathan Smith's 
regt. ; list of officers [year not given] . 

Bemoxt, Ebexezer, Great Barrington. Adjutant, Capt. King's co.. Col. Fellows's 
regt. ; company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bemont, Jesse, Brimfield. Private, Capt. Toogood's (5th) co., Col. Thomas Nixon's 
(6th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from April 24, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779. 

Bemoxt, Johx. Private, Capt. Ephraim Jennings's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 22, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; service on an expedition to the 
Northward. 

Bemont, Sebe. Private, Capt. Daniel Cadwell's co., Col. Timothy Robinson's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; discharged April 2, 1777; service, 3 mos. 
9 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 25, 1777. Roll dated 
Springfield. 



932 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 



Bemos, Asiasa. Capt. John Cowls's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles Woodbridge's regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Dec. 23, 1775. 

Bemos, Eleazer, Charlton. Private, Capt. William Campbell's co., Col. Learned's 
resrt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177r); enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
1 week, 5 days. 

Bemos, Jasox, Concord. Trivate, Capt. Simon Hunt's co., Col. Brooks's reiit. ; return 
of men in camp at White Plains [year not given] . 

Bemos, Jedvthan, Weston (also given Lincoln). Descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Middlesex Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, 
July 8, 1778 ; Capt. Weston's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
7 in.; residence, AVeston; also. Private, Capt. Simon Hunt's co.. Col. Brooks's 
regt. ; return of men in camp at White Plains [year not given] . 

Bemos, John, Charlestown. Private, Capt. Edward Blake's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May U, 1775; service, 2 mos. 19 
days. 

Bemos, John, Winchendon. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; 
Capt. Bowington's co., Col. Sparhawk's regt.; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; 
complexion, light; residence, Winchendon. 

Bemuick, KiCHAiiD, Georgetown. Private, Cai)t. Samuel McCobb's co. of Minute-men ; 
enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 7 days. 

Bemus, Abijah, Paxton. List of men raised for the 6 montlis service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780. 

Bemus, Daniel. Matross, Lieut. Ebenezer Mattoon's co., Capt. Lieut. James Furni- 
vall's detachment drafted from Gen. Warner's brigade; enlisted Sept. 10, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 20 days, at the Northward. 

Bemus, Daniel, Lexington. Private, Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; list of men who 
agreed to serve for 6 weeks from Dec. 31, 1776, dated Trenton; also, order for 
wages, etc., for 1776, dated Uppermerry ; also, list of men mustered in SuflTolk Co. 
by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 16, 1777; Capt. Pet- 
tingill's CO., Col. Wesson's regt.; also, Capt. Nathan Dix's co.. Col. James Wes- 
son's (9th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Bemus, Elijah, Westminster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Edgell's co., Col. John Jacobs's 
regt.; enlisted July 10, 1778; service, 3 mos. 15 days; enlistment to expire Jan. 
1, 1779; also, muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1778, dated Freetown. 

Bemus, Elisha, Jr., Framingham. Private, Capt. Aaron Gardner's co., Col. Brooks's 
regt. ; return dated 1770. 

Bemus, Isaac, Winchester. Private, Capt. Kzekiel Knowiton's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 16, 1776, to Marcli 1, 1777. 

Bemus, Jacob, Weston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. in 1779 
to serve in the Continental Army ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in. ; complexion, 
dark; residence, M'eston; delivered to Ensign Thomas Clark; also, Major's co. ; 
enlisted July 27, 1779; discharged April 27, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bemus, Jamks. Private, Capt. Thomas Migliill's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay 
abstracts for Feb. and March, 1776. 

Bemus, Jasox, Concord. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Wheeler's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt.; marched from Concord to lioxbury for defence of Boston, March 4, 1776; 
service, 6 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 933 

Bemts, Jeduthan. Matross, Lieut. Ebenezer Mattoon's co., Capt. Lieut. James Furni- 
vall's detachment drafted from Gen. Warner's brigade; enlisted Sept. 10, 1777; 
discharged Nov. 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 20 days, at the Northward. 

Bemvs, Jedi-thax. Private, Cajit. John Hayward's co.. Col. Webb's regt. ; enlisted 
Sept. 22, 1781; discharged Dec. 4, 1781; serAice, 2 mos. 22 days; enlistment, 3 
months. 

Bemis, Jesse, Spencer. Sergeant, Capt. Chambers's co.. Col. Nixon's {6th) regt.; 
Continental Army paj' accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to April 7, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 j'ears. 

Bemus, Johx. Order for cartridge boxes signed by Capt. Jonathan Davis and Col. 
Frye, dated Cambridge, June 18, 1775. 

Bemus, John. List of men detached from Col. Brooks's regt. to relieve guards at 
Cambridge [year not given] ; served in a company raised in Weston and com- 
manded by Maj. Lamson. 

Bemus, John, Charlestown (also given Boston). Private, Capt. John K. Smith's co., 
Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts 
for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., 
Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; muster roll for May, 1778, dated Valley Forge; also, 
muster roll for June, 1778, dated "Camp Greeneage;" also, Capt. Smith's co., 
Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Provi- 
dence; enlisted Jan., 1777; enlistment, during war; reported on command at 
"Obdike Newton;" also, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bemvs, Jonas. Private, Major's co.. Col. Smith's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 3, 1780; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war. \ 

Bemus, Joseph. Capt. Sumner's co. ; enlisted July 23, 1779; discharged April 23, 
1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bemus, Josiah. Bombardier, Capt. Perez Cushing's (7th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; pay rolls for service from Jan. 1, 1778, to April 31, 1778, 4 mos. ; 
also, pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1778, 2 mos. 

Bemus, Luke. Private, Capt. John Walton's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of guards ; 
enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 22 days, at Cam- 
bridge and Charlestown, guarding troops of convention. 

Bemus, Nathaniel. Sergeant, Capt. John Walton's co.. Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; enlisted Jan. 12, 1778; roll made up to Feb. 3, 1778; service, 22 days, at 
Cambridge and Charlestown, guarding troops of convention. 

Bemus, Samuel. Capt. Perez Chapin's co.. Col. Badlam's regt. ; return for clothing 
delivered at Northfield, dated April 23, 1787. 

Bemus, Thaddeus, Weston. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. in 
1779, for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Springfield ; age, 
20yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Weston ; delivered to Ensiffn 
T. Clark; also, Major's co. ; enlisted Julj- 27, 1779; discharged April 27, 1780; 
enlistment, 9 months. 

Bemus, Thaddeus. Seaman; State sloop "Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George 
Little ; engaged Oct. 5, 1782 ; discharged Nov. 25, 1782 ; service, I mo. .20 days. 
. Roll dated Boston. 

Ben, John, England. Seaman ; brig " Adventure," commanded by Capt. James Morris ; 
descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 26, 1780 ; age, 51 yrs. ; complexion, 
dark ; hair, black ; residence, England. 



93 J: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bence, JiDAH. Private, Capt. James Davis's co ; enlisted July 10, 1775; roll made 
up to Nov. 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 21 days. Roll sworn to in Barnstable Co. 

Benchlet, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Olney's co.. Col. Jabez Bowen's regt. ; 
enlisted May 21, 1777; roll made up to June 3, 1777; service, 14 days; reported 
as serving in the 5th division of Col. Bowen's regt., under Capt. Jonathan Rus- 
sell at Pawtuxet. 

Bexchaft, Robert. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 1, 1779; roll 
made up to May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos. 3 days, at Boston. 

Bexckaft, Roheut, Stoughton. Matross, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co., Col. 
John Crane's (Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
May 26, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, return of men who enlisted for 3 years or 
during war, dated Springfield, Nov. 1, 1779. 

Bencraft, Samuel. Lieutenant, Capt. Lebbeus Ball's co., Col. Timothy Danielson's 
regt. ; list of officers in camp at Roxbur}', Maj' 27, 1775 ; commissioned May 27, 
1775. [See Lemuel Bancroft.] 

Bexcraft, Samuel. Private, Capt. Thomas Newcomb's co., Lieut. Col. Joseph Webb's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 28, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 5, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 18 days, at 
Peekskill, N. Y. 

Bexcraft, Sebra. Private, Capt. Abner Crane's co. ; enlisted Feb. 1, 1779; roll made 
up to May 4, 1779; service, 3 mos. 3 days, at Boston. 

Bexcraft, Severt. Private, Capt. Benjamin Beal's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 5, 1778; discharged Dec. 13, 1778; service, 5 mos. 9 days, 
guarding stores and troops of convention at Boston; enlistment, 6 months, to 
expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Bencroft, Nathaniel, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Robert Andrews's co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Shrewslmry (2d Parish) to Cam- 
bridge ; service, 9 days ; reported enlisted into the army. 

Bencroft, Thaddei's. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's 
(15th) regt.; muster roll for July, 1780, dated "Camp Tenack;" reported in 
clothier general's guard. 

Bencroft, William, Groton. Sergeant, (late) Capt. Hodgkins's co.. Col. Timothy 
Bigelow's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 10, 1777, 
to March 31, 1779; reported as serving 14 mos. 21 days as Sergeant, 10 mos. as 
Ensign; also reported promoted to Ensign April 1, 1779; also, Capt. Sylvanus 
Smith's CO., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; muster roll dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 
1, 1777; enlisted March 10, 1777; enlistment, during war; also, muster roll dated 
Camp Stillwater, Sept. 11, 1777 ; also, muster roll for Nov., 1777, dated Camp near 
Gulf; also, muster rolls for Dec, 1777-May, 1778, dated Camp Valley Forge; 
reported transferred to Capt. Hodgkins's co. in May, 1778; also, muster roll for 
Feb., 1779, dated Providence. 

Bexdal, Christopher, Abington. List of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, agreeable to resolve of 
April 20, 1778. 

Bendeax, Nathan. Private, Capt. Abraham Tyler's co.. Col. Edmund Phinney's 
(31st) regt. ; billeting roll from date of enlistment. May 9, 1775, to date of march- 
ing to headquarters, July 6, 1775, equivalent to 57 days. 

Bexdex, Timothy. Sergeant, Capt. William Foord's co.. Col. John Brown's regt. ; 
enlisted July 21, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days. 

Bexher, Christopher. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Benjamin Gill's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 24, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 19 days, 
in Northern department. 



IX THE WAR OF THK REVOLUTION. 935 

Bender, George, Marlborough. Private, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., Col. Jonathan 

AVard's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 5, 1775; service, 8 
weeks 1 day ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Marlborough, Dec. 25, 1775. 

Bender, George. Private, Capt. John Hinkley's co., Lieut. Col. Symmes's detach- 
ment of guards ; enlisted Felj. 13, 1778 ; discharged May 13, 1778 ; service, 3 mos., 
imder Maj. Gen. Heath, at Boston. 

Bender, Heinrich. Private, Col. Armand's Legion ; list of men dated July, 1778 
(Independent co. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778). 

Bender, Peter. 10th co., Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of men who performed tours of 
duty [year not given] ; served 9 mos. at York in Continental service. 

Bendick, Frederick. Private, Capt. Miller's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from April 20, 1777, to June 25, 1777; reported 
deserted. 

Bene, Amos, Hull. Private, Capt. Thayer's (Independent) co. ; return of men in 
service at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 31 yrs. 

Bene, Benjamin, Hull. Capt. Stowers's (Independent) co. ; return of men in service 
at Hull, March 1, 1777 ; age, 25 yrs. 

Bene, Spencer, Hull. Private, Capt. Thayer's (Independent) co. ; return of men in 
service, at Hull, March 1, 1777; age, 19 yrs. 

Benedic, Matthew. Private, Capt. Amos Rathburn's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777; enlisted 
Dec. 16, 1776; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Benedick, Amos, Sheffield. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Berkshire Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill May 31, 1778; 
.Capt. Spur's co., Col. Ashley's regt.; age, 21 }-rs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, 
light; residence, Sheffield. 

Benedick, James. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt. ; enlisted 
May 20, 1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 23 days, at Peekskill; 
enlistment, 8 months. 

Benedict, . [This name also appears under the form of Bendick, Benedic, Bene- 
dick, Benidect, Benidict, Bentick, Bennedick, Bennedict.] 

Benedict, Aaron. Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. John Patterson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 26, 1775. 

Benedict, John, Dauburj-. Capt. James Horton's co.. Col. Baldwin's regt. of artificers ; 
enlisted Jan. 8, 1778; enlistment, during war; reported died Felj. 4, 1780; com- 
pany reported to have been from Connecticut. 

Benedict, Matthew, Stockbridge. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by True- 
man Wheeler, Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778 ; enlistment, 
3 years or during war ; also. Private, Capt. Moses Ashley's co., Col. Joseph Vose's 
(14th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 20, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town of West Stockljridge ; also, return of men in 
service on or before Aug. 16, 1777 ; marched to Peekskill ; also, muster roll dated 
Camp near Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778 ; reported sick at Stockbridge ; also, mus- 
ter rolls for Jan., March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported on cattle 
guard in March and April, 1779; also, Capt. Hancock's co., Col. Vose's (1st) 
regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to July 15, 
1780 ; reported deserted July 15, 1780 ; also, Capt. Ashley's co.. Col. Vose's regt. • 
muster roll for July, 1780, dated Camp Tenith. 



93(3 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benedict, Micaijah. Private, Lieut. Moses Hubbard's co., Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s 
regt., Brig. Gen. John FcUows's brigade; pay roll for 14 days service in Oct., 
1781, by order of Brig. Gen. Stark. 

Benedict, Thomas, Stockbridge (also given Lenox). Private, Capt. William Good- 
rich's CO., Col. John Paterson's regt., which inarched April 22, 1775, in response 
to the alarm of Ajjril 19, 177.'), to Cambridge; service, 14 days; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, S mos. 3 days; also, Capt. 
Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. Patterson's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equiva- 
lent in monej-, dated Dec. 26, 1775. 

Benedict, Thomas. Private, Capt. Oliver Belding's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; discharged Oct. 11, 1777; service, 24 days, at the 
Northward. 

Benee, CiiRisToriiER, Abington. Pay roll for 6 months men raised hy the town of 
Abington for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 6, 1780; 
discharged Jan. 11, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 17 days. 

Benet, Gideon. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster roll for June, 1781 ; reported on command with light infantry. 

Benet, Jeremiah. Capt. Isaac Sherman's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (38th) regt. ; 
order for liounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Scwall's Point, Dec. 26, 
1775. 

Benett, . Lieutenant, Capt. Butler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; list of officers [year 

not given] . 

Benett, John, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Abram "Washburn's co.. Col. Edward 
Mitchell's regt.; marched to Horse Neck in Braintree Marcli 4, 1776; service, 6 
days. 

Benett, Nathaniel. Capt. Moses Merrill's co., Col. Edmund Phinnej''s regt. ;, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 26, 
1775. 

Benett, Nehemiaii. Private, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt. ; marched to llhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 12 days ; 
roll made up for travel allowance to and from camp. 

Benett, Rola. Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Benford, . [This name also appears under the form of Bentford, Binfonl.] 

Benford, Thomas. Private, Capt. Miles Greenwood's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. 
of guards ; enlisted Nov. 11, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778 ; service, 4 mos. 
23 days, at Winter Hill; also, Capt. Simeon Brown's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt.; 
pay rolls for service from April 2, 1778, to July 12, 1778, 3 mos. 12 days, at Winter 
Hill; also, Capt. John Berry's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt.; enli.-ited July 17, 1778; 
discharged Dec. 24, 1778; service, 5 mos. 8 days, at Winter Hill. 

Benford, William. Private, Capt. John Wood's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26th) 
regt.; pay abstracts for Feb., March and May, 1776. 

Benford, William. Sergeant, Capt. Cadwallader Ford's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's 
regt. of guards; enlisted Nov. 4, 1777 ; rolls made up to April 3, 1778; service, 5 
mos., at Fort No. 2, Cambridge, guarding troops of convention ; reported sick in 
hospital in Nov., 1777; also, Capt. El)ene7.er Battelle's co.. Col. Samuel Pierce's 
regt. ; enlisted May 22, 1779; discharged July 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days, at 
Tiverton, R. I. 



IN THE AVAR OF TIIP: REVOLUTION. 937 

Bengamin, Jonas, Ashburnham. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Lane's cc, 

Col. Rand's regt. ; age, 19 yrs.; stature, 3 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; occupa- 
tion, weaver; residence, Ashburnham; enlisted April 18, 1781; enlistment, 3 
years. 

Bexoax, Cornelius, Salem. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
1st Essex Co. regt. [year not given] ; residence, Salem ; enlisted for town of 
Salem; joined Capt. Sargent's co., Col. Crane's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or 
during war. 

Bengemix, Daniel, Boston. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the schooner 
" Cato," commanded by Capt. David Allen, dated Sept. 30, 1780; age, 20 jts. 5 
mos.; stature, 5_ft. 9 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, dark; residence, 
Boston. 

Bexgex, Cornelius. Gunner, Capt. Winthrop Sargent's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; muster roll for Dec, 1777 ; reported reduced to Matross Dec. 12, 1777. 

Bexglauis, Pomp, Worcester. Private, Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. John Greaton's 
(2d) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 6, 1777, to July 
22, 1777 ; residence, Worcester ; enlisted for town of Worcester ; mustered by 
Col. Newhall ; reported killed. 

Benham, James, Boston. Matross, Capt. Nathaniel Donnell's co.. Col. John Crane's 
(3d Ai'tillery) regt.; Continental Arm\' pay accounts for service from Jan. 31, 
1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll dated M'est Point, Jan. 9, 1781 ; enlisted 
Jan., 1780, by Capt. Donnell ; enlistment, during war; residence, Boston; re- 
ported a foreigner; also, muster rolls for Feb.-April, 1781, dated West Point. 

Benhelu, Andrew, Maiden. Private, Capt. Ephraim Cleavland's co.. Col. Michael 
Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 18, 1777, 
to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Benicut, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Timothy Childs's co.. Col. David Leonard's regt. ; 
enlisted Feb. 24, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 17 days. 

Beniuect, Matthew, West Stockbridge. Return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Increase Hewins's co. [3"ear not given] ; residence, West 
Stockbridge ; enlisted for town of West Stockbridge ; joined Capt. Ashley's co., 
Col. Yose's regt. 

Bexidict, Thomas, Lenox. Private, Capt. Dibble's co.. Col. Paterson's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Benison, George. Mate ; list of prisoners [year not given] . 

Bexit, Deliverance. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) 
regt. ; muster rolls for June and July, 1781 ; enlisted April 8, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 
years; reported confined in June, 1781. 

Bexit, James. Capt. Timothy Winn's co., Col. Baldwin's regt. ; list of men [year not 

given]. 

Bexit, Robert. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 4, 1777; discharged Sept. 30, 17,77; service, 27 
days. Roll dated Hancock. 

Bkxitt, Aarox, Shirley. Private, Capt. Solomon Kidder's co., Col. Brooks's regt.; 
pay abstract for service at White Plains [year not given] . 

Benitt, James, Reading. Private; list of men returned as belonging to the training 
band under Capt. John Walton, dated May 13, 1775. 

Benitt, William, Reading. Private; list of men returned as belonging to the training 
band under Capt. John Walton, dated May 13, 1775. 



938 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bexjamen, Jonathan-. Petition dated Concord, Sept. 30, 1777, signed by said Benja- 
nien and others, asking for addition to wages for service in guarding Continental 
stores at Little Cambridge, Concord, Sudbury, etc. ; served in Capt. Isaac Wood's 
CO. ; granted by House of Representatives, Jan. 21, 1778. 

Benjamex, Samuel, Jr., "Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co.. Col. 
Thomas Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
3 days. 

Benjamin, . [This name also appears under the form of Bengamin, Bengemin, 

Benjamen, Benjamins, Benjiman, Benjimin, Benjumin.] 

Benjamin, Abel. Private, Capt. Moses Harvej^'s co.. Col. David Wells's regt.; en- 
listed May 10, 1777 ; discharged July 10, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days. Roll 
dated Montague. 

Benjamin, Andrew, Waltham. Private, Capt. Abraham Peirce's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and 
Lexington; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Abijah Child's co., Col. Gardner's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 97 days; stature, 
5 ft. 6 in. ; also, Capt. Child's CO., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 
37th regt. ; muster roll for Aug., 1775, dated Camp Prospect Hill; also, company 
return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; reported discharged Sept. 8, 1775, and 
place supplied bj- Henry Bond; also, order for bountj* coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Prospect Hill, Dec. 20, 1775; also, Capt. Peirce's co.. Col. Samuel 
Thatcher's regt. ; pay roll for service from March 4, 1776, to March 8, 1776, 5 
days ; marched at the taking of Dorchester Heights by order of Gen. Washington. 

Benjamin, Andrew. Private. Lieut. Joseph Boynton's co.. Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 21, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 26, 1777 ; service, 11 days, at Ben- 
nington, on an alarm. 

Benjasiin, Asa, Worthington. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., Col. John 
Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 3 days; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order 
for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Dec. 25, 1775; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Ebenezer Webber's 
CO. [year not given] ; residence, Worthington ; enlisted for town of Worthington ; 
joined Capt. Bartlett's co., Col. W'esson's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during 
war; reported enlisted prior to May 31, 1777; also, Lieut. Col. Millen's co.. Col. 
James Wesson's regt. ; Continental Arnij' pa.y accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Samuel Bartlett's co.. Col. Wesson's regt.; re- 
turn of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, list of men who enlisted 
to serve during war or until Jan. 1, 1780, dated June 15, 1779; also, descriptive 
list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months agree- 
able to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 26 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, 
light; residence, M'orthington ; arrived at Springlield July 14, 1780; marched to 
camp July 14, 1780, under command of Capt. Hancock ; also, list of men raised 
for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson, as having passed 
muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for G 
months men raised l)y the town of Worthington for service in the Continental 
Army during 1780; inarched July 12, 1780; discharged Jan. 12, 1781; service, 6 
mos. 6 days. 

Benjamix, Asa. Corporal, Capt. Ebenezer Strong's co.. Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 10, 1781 ; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781 ; discharged Nov] 
20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, at Saratoga; also, receipt for bounty paid him 
])y Nathan Leonard, Chairman of Class No. 1 of the town of Shelljurne, to serve 
in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Springfield, June 7, 1782 ; 
also, Corporal (also given Private), Capt. Peter Clayes's (Light Infantry) co.. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 939 

Benjamin, Asa, continued. 

Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (also siven Col. Benjamin Tupper's 10th) regt. ; return 
for wages, etc., for May-Dec, 1782; enlisted May 17, 1782; service, 7 mos. 1.5 
days. 

Benjamin, Barzillai, Blandford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 
21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, ruddy ; residence, Blandford ; arrived at 
Springfield July 17, 1780; marched to camp July 17, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Abner Howard; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and re- 
turned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 2"), 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Blandford for service in the Continental Army during 1780 ; marched July 10, 
1780; discharged Dec. 16, 1780; service, 5 mos. 12 days; also, Lieut. Col. Whit- 
ing's CO., 6th regt. ; pay rolls for July-Dec, 1780. 

Benja^iin, Caleb. List of men in Col. Wheelock's Orderly Book dated Headquarters, 
Ticonderoga, Oct. 4, 1776; served as Ensign in Col. Woodbridge's regt.; pro- 
moted to 2d Lieutenant, vice Lieut. Goodale advanced. 

Benjamin, Caleb, Montague. Private, Capt. Robert Oliver's co.. Col. Samuel Wil- 
liams's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775, from Conway; service, 15 days; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Asahel Gunn's 
10th {2d Montasue) co., 6th Hampshire Co. regt.; list of officers of Mass. militia; 
commissioned May 7, 1776; also, 9th co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's (Hamp- 
shire Co.) regt.; return of men in service Dec. 30, 1778, dated Warwick; enlisted 
May 10, 1776. 

Benjamin, Charles, Boston. Drummer, Capt. Chadwick's co.. Col. Gridley's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; company return dated Charlesto\vn, Sept. 30, 1775 ; enlisted June 26, 
1775; occupation, tailor; age, 19 yrs. 

Benjamin, Daniel, Weston. Private, Capt. Samuel Lamson's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co., 
Col. John Robinson's regt. ; marched Feb. 4, 1776 ; service, 1 mo. 28 days ; also, 
Capt. John Minot's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance ; ser- 
vice at Dorchester Heights, Nov., 1776 ; also, list of men drafted by Capt. Jonathan 
Fisk dated Weston, Aug. 18, 1777. 

Benjamin, Daniel. Private, Capt. Reuben Dickinson's co., Col. Elisha Porter's regt. ; 
pay roll for 38 days service ; marched to Moses Creek in July, 1777; n/so, equip- 
ment roll dated Nov. 9, 1778. 

Benjamin, Daniel. Returns for rations for men employed at the laboratory from 
Sept. 4 to Sept. 25, 1779, dated Boston ; also, returns for rations for men employed 
at the laboratory under Col. Burbeck from March 25, 1780, to April 22, 1780, dated 
Boston ; also, return for rations for men employed at the laboratory under Col. 
Burbeck from April 22 to April 29, 1780, dated Boston ; reported rations stopped 
for robbing the stores of provisions ; also, return for rations for men employed at 
the laboratory under Col. Burbeck from April 29, 1780, to May 6, 1780, dated 
Boston. 

Benjamin, Daniel, Sudbury (also given Boston and Shrewsbury). Matross, Capt. 
Jonathan W. Edes's (4th) co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted 
May 25, 1776 ; rolls made up to Nov. 1, 1776 ; service, 5 mos. 11 days ; also. Gun- 
ner; pay roll for service from Feb. 1, 1777, to May 8, 1777, 3 mos. 7 days; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from South Shrewsbury co., Col. 
JobCushing's (6th Worcester Co.) regt. ; residence, Shrewsbury ; enlisted for town 
of Shrewsbury ; joined Capt. Bradley's co.. Col. Crafts's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; 
also. Corporal, Capt. Jonathan Warner's (3d) co.. Col. Crafts's (late Paul Revere's) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 25, 1777, to Dec. 31, 



940 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benjamin, Daxiel, continued. 

1779; also, Bombardier, Capt. David Bradlee's (9th) co., Col. Crafts's regt. ; pay 
abstract made up from date of enlistment to Aug. 1, 1777; service, 72 days; also, 
list of men wlio refused to leave Boston dated Boston, Sept. 22, 1777 ; also, list of 
men dated camp at Boston, Sept. 2"), 1777; also, list of men entitled to a bounty 
dated Boston, Jan. 12, 1778 ; also, Corporal, Capt. Warner's co., Col. Crafts's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 8, 1780, 4 nios. 8 days. 

Benjamin, Frederick, Dorchester. Receipt for bounty paid him by Ebenezer Daven- 
port of Class No. 9 of the town of Dorchester to serve in the Continental Army for 
the term of 3 years, dated Boston, April 13, 1782 ; enlisted April 13, 1782. 

Benjamin, Ja:mes, Worthington. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return for travel allowance granted in Council, Sept. 12, 1776; also, pay abstract 
for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776 ; also, return of men in ser- 
vice from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Benjamin, Joel. Private, Capt. Samuel Merriman's (2d) co.. Col. Israel Chapen's 
(3d) regt.; enlisted Oct. 15, 1779; discharged Nov. 21, 1779; service, 1 mo. 
14 days. 

Benjamin, Joel, Montague. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 20 yrs. ; 
stature, o ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; residence, Montague; arrived at Spring- 
field Jul}' 9, 1780; marched to camp July 10, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Daniel Shay; «/so, list of men raised for the 6 montlis service and returned bj' 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Montague 
for service in the Continental Arm.v during 1780 ; marched July 9, 1780 ; discharged 
Jan. 9, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 7 days. 

Benjamin, John, Stoneham. Private, Capt. Samuel Sprague's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days. 

Benjamin, John, Charlestown. Private, Capt. Harris's co.. Col. Gardner's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, list of men enlisted into Continental 
Army [year not given] ; residence, Charlestown ; enlisted for town of Charlestown. 

Benjamin, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Gates's co. ; enlisted Oct. 1, 1777; service, 
25 days, at Saratoga ; reported in camp 19 days. 

Benjamin, John, Needham (also given Watertown). Return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Col. William Mcintosh's (1st Suffolk Co.) regt., dated 
Needham, Feb. 21, 1778; residence, Needham; enlisted for town of Needham; 
joined Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Corporal, 
Capt. Wells's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from April 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. David 
Allen's CO., Col. Crane's regt.; muster rolls for Sept.-Dec, 1777; also, Capt. 
Jackson's co.. Col. Crane's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Jan. 1, 1780, to April 10, 1780. 

Benjamin, John. List of men on a wage account for 1778-82, of Col. Marshall's and 
other regts. not identified. 

Benjamin, Jonathan. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Rowlee's co. ; pay roll dated July 6, 
1775 [service not given]. 

Benjamin, Jonathan, Deerfield. Private, Capt. Hugh Maxwell's co.. Col. Prescott's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 
days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for clothing dated 
Sewall's Point, Dec. 27, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLrTION. 941 



Benjamin, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
rei^t. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 
1776. 

Benjamin, Jonathan. Private, Capt. John Gleason's co.. Col. Josiah Wliitney's regt. ; 
return dated North Kingston, June 26, 1777. 

Benjamin, Jonathan, Leominster. Private, Capt. John Joslin's co., Col. Job Cush- 
ing's (Worcester Co.) regt. ; pay roll for 1 mo. 7 days service ; marched to 
Bennington last of July, 1777, to join Col. Seth Warner. 

Benjamin, Jonathan, Sudbury. Capt. Benjamin Mtinroe's co. ; list of men dated 
Jan. 21, 1778 ; reported a deserter; also, Private, Capt. Muuroe's co. ; list of men 
in service Ijetween 1778 and 1779. 

Benjamin, Jonathan, Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"); service, 3 days; 
also, Capt. Abner Craft's co., Lieut. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th 
regt. ; company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 13, 1775; also, list of 
men mustered in Suffolic Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master, dated Boston, 
March 16, 1777; Capt. Alexander's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; residence, 
Watertown ; enlisted for town of Watertown ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Sergeant, 
Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wigglesworth's) regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also, Capt. Nathaniel Alexander's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt. ; return 
of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, muster roll for May, 1778, 
dated Camp Valley Forge; also, muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp near 
AVhite Plains; also, pay abstract for Oct., 1778; also, Maj. John Porter's co., 
(late) Col. Wigglesworth's regt., under command of Maj. Porter; muster roll for 
March and April, 1779 ; reported transferred to Liglit Infantry co. ; also, Capt. 
Daniel Pillsbury's (Light Infantry) co., (late) Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; muster 
roll for March and April, 1779; enlisted Feb. 1, 1777. 

Benjamin, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Thomas Brintnal's co., Col. Cyprian Howe's 
regt.; enlisted July 30, 1780; discharged Oct. 30, 1780; service, 3 mos. -t days, at 
Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental 
Army, 

Benjamin, Levi, Montague. Private, Capt. Elihu Lyman's co., Col. Elisha Porter's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 25, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779 ; service, 
1 mo. 12 days, at New London, Conn.; also, Capt. Seth Pierce's co.. Col. Seth 
Murray's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 15, 1780; discharged Oct. 10, 
1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Army. Roll dated Leverett. 

Benjamin, Nathan. Private, Lieut. Andrew Loomiss's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Oct. 14, 1780; discharged Oct. 17, 1780; service, 4 days, on 
an alarm at Bennington. 

Benjamin, Nathan. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 12, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 20, 1781 ; service, 8 days ; marched to 
Barnes's Heaths in Stillwater on an alarm. 

Henjamin, Nathaniel, Watertown. Private, Capt. Samuel Barnard's co.. Col. Thomas 
Gardner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days. 

Benjamin, Peleg. Private, Capt. James Campbell's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 14, 1781 ; discharged Oct. 19, 1781 ; service, 
10 days; marched to Saratoga by order of Gen. Stark on an alarm. 



942 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benjamin, Rooek, Hatfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hampshire 
Co. ; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; complexion, light ; hair, light ; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Hatfield; enlisted Julj' 3, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Benjamin, Roger, Worthington. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776 ; also, return of 
men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Kbenezer Wel)ber's co. [year not 
given] ; residence, Worthington ; enlisted for town of Worthington ; enlisted prior 
to May 31, 1777 ; joined Capt. Bartlett's co.. Col. Wesson's (9th) regt. ; enlistment, 
3 years ; also, Fifer, Lieut. Col. Milieu's co., Col. James Wesson's regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Marcli 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, 
Private, Capt. Samuel Bartlett's co., Col. Wesson's regt. ; return of men in service 
on or before Aug. 1'), 1777 ; also, list of men who were enlisted to serve during 
war, or until Jan. 1, 1780, dated June 15, 1779; also, Fifer, Lieut. Colonel's co., 
Col. Wesson's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to April 14, 1780 ; reported discharged. 

Benj.\:min, Roger, Worthington. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 
19 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; complexion, light; residence, Worthington; arrived 
at Springfield July 14, 1780; marched to camp July 14, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Hancock ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 2i), 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of AVorthington 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 12, 1780; dis- 
charged Jan. 12, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 6 days. 

Benjamin, Samuel, Watertown. Sergeant, Capt. Craft's co. ; receipt for 2 days rations 
dated Watertown, July 5, 1775; also, Capt. Abner Craft's co., Lieut. Col. Wil- 
liam Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt. ; compan)' return dated Camljridge, Oct. 
7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, 
Nov. 13, 1775. 

Benjamin, Samcei,. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
reported re-engaged as Ensign in Capt. Alexander's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt., Nov. 13, 1776, but to serve in Col. Whitcomb's regt. until Dec. 31. 1776. 

Benjamin, Samuel. Lieutenant, Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army 
pa}' accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported as serving 9 
mos. as Ensign, 27 mos. as Lieutenant; also. Ensign, Capt. Ebenezer Cleavland's 
CO., Col. Jackson's regt.; return dated April 9, 1779; reported recruiting by order 
of Gen. Heath; also, list of officers dated West Point, Nov. 8, 1779; also. Lieu- 
tenant, Col. Jackson's (8th) regt. ; Continental Army i)ay accounts for service 
from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Benjamin, Selah. Private, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted May 29, 1781; dis- 
charged Aug. 29, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., with guards at Springfield; enlistment, 3 
montlis. 

Benjamin, Selah, Worthington. Descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. Benjamin Hey- 
wood's CO., 6th regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, light; Jiair, 
light; occupation, yeoman; birthjtlace, Worthington; residence, Worthington; 
enlisted for town of Worthington ; enlisted May 10, 1782; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, receipt for bounty paid him by Capt. Gersliom Raiulal, chairman of Class 
No. 2 of the town of Shellmrne, to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 
3 years, dated Springfield, June 7, 1782; a/io, Private, Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(10th) regt. ; enlisted May 10, 1782 ; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1783 ; service, 7 mos. 
21 days; reported promoted to Corporal Aug. 6, 1782; also, Capt. Benjamin Hey- 
wood's (4th) CO., Lieut. Cul. Calvin Smith's (6th) regt.; return for wages, etc, 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 943 

Benjamin, Selah, conthmed. 

for June-Dec, 1782; reported joined from 10th regt. Dec. 17, 1782; also, Capt. 
Heywood's co., Col. Tiipper's (Gth) regt.; muster roll for Dec., 1782; also, 
muster roll for Jan., 1783 ; also, Capt. Heywood's co., 6th regt. ; reported con- 
fined Jan. 26, 1783, by Sergt. Russell for drawing bread on a forged due bill; 
judgment of court-martial 70. lashes and stoppage of $1 from his wages; re- 
mitted on condition of good behavior in the future ; transferred to 8th co. March 
8, 1783. 

Benja»iin, William, Ashburnham. Private, Capt. Deliverance Davis's co., Col. Asa 
Whetcombe's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in response to the alarm of 
April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Bexjamix, AVilliam, Stockbridge. Private, Capt. Job Woodbridge'sco., Col. Brown's 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 8, 1777; discharged July 21, 1777; service, 
14 days; company formed part of detachment under Maj. Caleb Hyde, which 
marched from Stockbridge on the evacuation of Ticonderoga. 

Benjamin, William, Waltham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780 ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9^ in. ; complexion, 
dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, dark ; occupation, farmer ; engaged for town of Waltham ; 
enlisted April 4, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Benjamin, William. Private, Capt. Adams Bailey's co.. Col. John Bailey's (2d) regt. 
(commanded by Lieut. Col. Sprout after Jan. 1, 1781) ; muster roll dated Jan. 1, 
1782 ; enlisted April 29, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Benjamins, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Benjamin Lapham's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's 
(1st) regt. of guards; enlisted April 19, 1778; roll made up to July 3, 1778; ser- 
vice, 2 mos. 13 days, at Cambridge ; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Benjamins, Jonathan, Ashburnham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester 
Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 
1778; Capt. Gates's co., Col. Stearns's regt.; age, 17 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; 
complexion, light; residence, Ashburnham. 

Benjiman, Roger, Worthington. Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; 
return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Benjimin, Levi, Montague. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Warwick ; Capt. 
Seth Pierce's co.. Col. Seth Murray's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 7 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Montague; rank. Private; mustered July 17, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 months from time of arrival at Claverack ; company detached from 
6th Hampshire Co. regt., agreeable to order of Court of June 22, 1780. 

Benjumin, John. Capt. Josiah Harris's co.. Col. William Bond's (late Gardner's) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated I'rospect Hill, Dec. 
5, 1775. 

Benn, Bertricius. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co., dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777; 
Maj. Eben Stevens's (Artillery) battalion. [See Pearticious Band.] 

Bennedick, James, Adams (also given Adamstown). List of men raised for the 6 
months service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in 
a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 months men 
raised by the town of Adams for service in the Continental Army during 1780; 
marched June 30, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 6 mos. 7 days. 

Bennedict, Abel. Sergeant, Capt. Peter IngersoU's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1777 ; discharged July 30, 1777 ; service, 30 days. 

Bennefield, . [This name also appears under the form of Bennifield.] 



94A: MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bennefield, Thomas, Edgecomb (also given Jeremy Squam, Lincoln Co.). Private, 
Capt. John Reed's co., Col. Brooks's (late Ichabod Alden's) regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 15, 1777, to June 10, 1777; reported died 
June 10, 1777; also, muster return dated Jan. 12, 1778; residence, Edgecomb; 
enlisted for town of Edgecomb (also given "Wilmington) ; mustered by Col. 
Sewall ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bexner, . [This name also appears under the form of Bener, Bennet, Bennor, 

Boner, Bonner.] 

Bennee, Christopher, Abington. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Conti- 
nental Army for the term of 6 months agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 

23 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Abington ; arrived at 
Springfield July 12, 1780; marched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of 
Ensign Gilbert; rt/so, descriptive list of enlisted men, dated Feb. 20, 1782; age, 

24 (also given 26) yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. (also given 9 in.) ; complexion, dark; 
hair, black ; occupation, potter (also given farmer); birthplace, Braintree; resi- 
dence, Al)ington; enlisted March 11, 1781; joined Capt. Eliphalet Thorp's co., 
Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, 3 .vears; also, Private, Capt. 
Thorp's CO., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; muster roll for May, 1781, dated West 
Point; also, muster roll for June, 1781; also, muster roll for July, 1781, dated 
Phillipsbm-g ; also, muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781, dated Peekskill; also, 
muster rolls for Oct., 1781-Feb., 1782, dated York Huts; also, 4th co., Lieut. Col. 
Brooks's regt.; return of men in service between Nov. 1, 1781, and May 31, 1782. 

Benner, Christopher Henry, Abington. Private, Cai)t. M'illiam Reed's co.. Col. 
John Bailey's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 
days; also, Capt. Reed's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos., 1 week, ti days; also, company 
return dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Benner, John. Private, Capt. John Ames's co. ; enlisted June 26, 1778; discharged 
July 20, 1778; service, 24 days. 

Benner, John. Private, Capt. Philip M. Ulmer's co.. Col. McCobb's regt.; enlisted 
July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 24, 1779; service, 2 mos. 16 days, on Penobscot 
expedition. 

Benner, John, Abington. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as returned July 
26, 1777; Capt. Cole's co., Col. Robinson's regt.; also. Private, 5th co., Col. John 
Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army ))ay accounts for service from May 3, 1779, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Seth Drew's co.. Col. Bailey's regt ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list 
of enlisted men dated "West Point, Jan. 27, 1781; Capt. Drew's co., 2d regt.; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, sallow; hair, liglit brown; occupation, potter; 
residence. Abington; enlisted May 1, 1779, by Capt. Luther Bailey; enlistment, 
during war. 

Benner, Peter. Private, Capt. .lolin Ames's co. ; enlisted June 26, 1778; discharged 
July 20, 1778 ; service, 24 days. 

Benner, Peter, Bridgewater. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth Co. in 
1779 to serve in the Continental Army; age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; com- 
plexion, dark; residence, Bridgewater; delivered to Caj)!. L. Bailey; also, list 
of 9 months men [year not given] ; reported re-enlisted ; also, Private, Capt. 
Seth Drew's co.. Col. John Bailey's rest. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated West Point, Jan. 27, 1781 ; Capt. Seth Drew's co., 2d regt. ; stature, 5 ft. 
6 in.; complexion, light; hair, l)rown ; occupation, wheelwright; residence, 
Bridgewater; enlisted April 1, 1780, by Capt. Drew; enlistment, during war. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 945 

Bennehick, John. Private, Capt. North's co., Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental 
Army paj- accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; enlistment, 
during war. 

Bennet, . Surgeon ; list of surgeons in Col. AVheelock's Orderly Book dated Head- 
quarters, Ticonderoga, Oct. 21, 1776, who were ordered to attend at the Old Fort, 
with necessary instruments, etc., in view of an expected action. 

Bennkt, A.vrox. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Smith's co., Col. Timothy Bigelow's regt.; 
muster roll for Jan.-Aug., 1777, dated Camp Stillwater; enlisted May 15, 1777; 
enlistment to expire Jan. 10, 1778; reported sick at Paxton ; also, muster roll 
dated Van Schaick's Island, Sept. 1, 1777; reported sick at Paxton; also, muster 
roll for Nov., 1777, dated Camp near Gulf; reported sick at Bristol; discharged 
Jan. 10, 1778. 

Bennet, Abel. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's co. (1st division). Col. John Water- 
man's regt. ; pay roll for service from April 6 to April 20, 1777, U days. 

Bennet, Abiathar. Private, Capt. Isaac Sherman's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt. ; 
abstract for advance pay for Jan.. 1776. 

Bennet, Abraham, Ashby. Private, Capt. John Jones's co., Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; 
service, 7 days. 

Bennet, Amos, Danvers. Private, Capt. Stephen Wilkins's co.. Col. "Wigglesworth's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home, sworn to Jan. 15, 1777. 

Bennet, Andrew. Seaman or Marine, sloop " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk ; engaged June 18, 1776 ; roll made up for advance pay for 1 mo. 

Bennet, Andee-w, Maiden. Corporal, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's 
regt.; Continental Army paj- accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780 ; also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Jan. 1, 1781 ; Capt. Peirce's (6th) 
CO., Col. Jackson's (8th) regt. ; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, 
dark; hair, blaclc ; occupation, mariner; residence, Maiden; enlisted Jan. 7, 1777, 
at West Point, by Lieut. Jackson ; enlistment, during war. 

Bennet, Asael. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co., Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll made up from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 1, 1777; en- 
listed May 10, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster rolls for March and April, 
1778. 

Bennet, Asahel. Private, Capt. Peter IngersoU's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 1, 1777; discharged July 30, 1777; service, 30 days. 

Bennet, Asahel P. Private, Lieut. Moses Hul)bard's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s 
regt.. Brig. Gen. John Fellows's brigade ; pay roll for 14 days service in Oct., 1781, 
by order of Brig. Gen. Stark. 

Bennet, Benaiah, Worthington. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Ebenezer M'ebber's co. [year not given] ; residence, Worthington ; enlisted 
for town of AVorthington ; joined Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlisted 
prior to May 31, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; also. Private, Colonel's co.. Col. 
Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
May 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt. ; return for clothing for 1777 ; enlisted March 1, 1777 ; also, return of men in 
service on or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated Soldier's Fortune, Feb. 15,1779; also, 
Colonel's co., Col. Nixon's (5th) regt.; muster roll for May, 1779, dated Camp 
Highlands; also. Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. Benjamin Heywood, Col. 
Nixon's (6th) regt.; pay abstracts for June-Sept., 1779; also, Colonel's co., com- 
manded by Lieut. Chambers ; pay abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779. 



946 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bennet, Benaiah. Private, Capt. Ebenezcr Strong's co., Col. Sears's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 10, 17S1 ; marched to Albany Aug. 17, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 
20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days, at Saratoga. 

Bennet, Benjamin, Worcester. Private, Capt. Timothy Bigelow's co.. Col. Artemas 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 5 days; 
reported enlisted into the army ; also, Capt. Hubbard's co., Col. Ward's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 15 days; 
also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bennet, Benjamin, Manchester. Private, Capt. Kimball's co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; 
company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bennet, Benjamin, Sudl)ur3'. Private, Capt. David Moore's co., Col. John Nixon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 23, 1775; service, 2 mos. 14 
days; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775. 

Bennet, Benjamin, Groton. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Corey's co.. Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 91 
days; also, company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 31, 1775. 

Bennet, Benjamin, Barrington. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Miller's co., Col. Joseph 
Yose's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Maj- 24, 1777, to 
Nov. 2, 1779 ; reported deserted ; also, muster roll dated Camp near Valley Forge, 
Jan. 6, 1778; enlisted May 24, 1777; enlistment, during war; reported sick at 
N. City; also, muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, Jan., March and April, 1779, 
dated Providence; reported on command at Kingston in March and April, 1779; 
also, list of deserters dated Camp Highlands, N. Y., July 13, 1780; age, 22 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark ; hair, black; birthplace, " Dover, N. York ; " 
residence, Barrington, " H. grants." 

Bennet, Bezaleel. Receipt for bounty paid him l)y the town of Slirewsbury to serve 
in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated Shrewsbury, April 22, 1781. 

Bennet, Bkister. Private, Capt. Samuel Low's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; marched to the Northward liy order of Gen. Fellows, Oct. 13, 
1780, on an alarm ; service, 9 days. 

Bennet, Bristol, New Providence. List of men mustered in Berkshire Co. by True- 
man Wheeler, Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war; also, Gth co., Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 24, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Isaac AVarren's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; return of men in camp at Valley Forge, 
Jan. 24, 1778. 

Bennet, Daniel. List of men from Dartmouth who arrived in camp Feb. 15, 1776, 
under Capt. Benj. Dillingham. 

Bennet, Daniel. Marine, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt John Paul Jones; list 
of men entitled to prize shares in the ship " Mellish " and brig " Active " [year not 
given] . 

Bennet, David. Cai)t. Philip Thomas's co.. Col. Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract for 
84 days rations from Jan. 1, 1777, to March 25, 1777, dated Boston. 

Bennet, David, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Robert Andrews's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Shrewsbury (2d parish) to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 9 days; reported enlisted into the army. 

Bennet, Deliverance, Dartmouth. Private, Major's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's 
(10th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from May 16, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Amasa Soper's (4th) co., Col. Marshall's regt.; return 
of men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777 ; also, muster roll dated West Point, 



IN THE WAR OF THE IIEVOLL'TIOX. 9-i7 

Bennet, Deliverance, continued. 

Feb. 1, 1779; enlisted May 16, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt, Tliomas 
Crandon's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island; also. Sergeant, 
Capt. Henry Jenne's co. ; enlisted March 14, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; 
service, 4 days, at Rliode Island; also, descriptive list of men raised agreeable to 
resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; Col. Shepard's regt.; age, 23 yrs. ; stature, S ft. 9 in.; 
complexion, dark ; occupation, laborer; residence, Dartmouth ; enlisted April 10, 
1781; enlistment, 3 j'ears; marched to join regiment at Springfield ; a/so. Private, 
Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; muster roll for Oct. 
and Nov., 1781, dated York Huts; enlisted April 8, 1781; also, muster roll for 
Jan., 1782; «/so," muster roll for March, 1782, dated York Hutts; reported on 
command at Verplanck's Point. 

Bennet, Ebenezer, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 3 days. 

Bennet, Ebenezer. Adjutant, Col. John Fellows's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; list of offi- 
cers of Mass. militia [year not given] . 

Bennet, Edward. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co., Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 da.vs, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bennet, Elkanah. Private, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. Col. White's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 daj's, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Bennet, Francis. Capt. John Glover, Jr's. co., Col. John Glover's regt. ; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in monej% dated Cambridge, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Bennet, George. Private, Capt. William Goodrich's co., Berkshire Co. regt., which 
marched April 23, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, IGi^ 
days. 

Bennet, George, Merryfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men belonging to Hamp- 
shire Co. ; age, 32 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft. ; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, 
blacksmith ; residence, Merryfield ; enlisted Feb. 7, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bennet, George. Private, Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; warrants to pay officers and 
men for service at the Castle, from April 25, 1786, to July 25, 1786, and from Oct. 
25, 1786, to Jan. 25, 1787. 

Bennet, Gideon, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Daniel Egery's co., Col. Danielson's regt., 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 3 daj's; 
also, company return dated Roxbuiy, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, 4th co.. Col. Gamaliel 
Bradfoi'd's 12th (also given 14th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from June 13, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. James Cooper's co.. Col. Brad- 
ford's regt.; muster return dated Feb. 1, 1778; residence, Dartmouth; enlisted 
for town of Taunton (also given Dartmouth) ; also, return of men in service on 
or before Aug. 15, 1777, dated April 2, 1779; reported joined June 8, 1777; de- 
serted July 1, 1779; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 
1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll for Oct., 1780-Jan., 1781, dated Hutts, 
near West Point; enlistment, during war. 

Bennet, Gideon, Dartmouth. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Lieut. Col. John 
Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 39 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, 
black; residence, Dartmouth; enlisted Nov., 1779; enlistment, during war; re- 
ported mustered by Capt. Fuller; also, Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. 
Col. Brooks's regt.; muster rolls for Jan.-March, 1781, dated West Point; also, 
muster rolls for April and May, 1781, dated West Point ; reported on command with 
light infantry; also, muster roll for July, 1781; reported on command with light 
infantry ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781 ; reported died Aug. 24, 1781. 



948 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bennet, Gilbert. Private, Capt. Manasseh Kempton's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on a secret expedition Sept. 27, 1777 : discharged Oct. 
29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 4 days. 

Bf.nxet, Gilhekt. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bennet, Isaac. Private, Capt. Thomas 'Wellington's co., Col. Asa Whitcomh's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Oct. 1, 1776. 

Bexnet, Isaac. Sergeant, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 7, 1777; discharged Sept. 26, 1777; sei-vice, 20 days, at 
the Northward ; also, Capt. "Whittelsey's co., 3d Berksliire Co. regt. ; enlisted Oct. 
20, 1780; discharged Oct. 22, 1780; service, 2 days, on an alarm at the Westward. 

Bexnet, Is.^ac, Pelham. Private, Capt. David Cowden's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
Woodbridge'sregt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775; enlisted 
April 19, 177"); also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Pi-ospect Hill, Nov. 13, 1775; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and 
returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, descriptive list of men lielonging to Hampshire Co. ; 
age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
farmer; residence, Pelham; enlisted April 20, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Benxet, Isaac. Marine, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. Samuel Nicholson; 
engaged Dec. 1, 1781; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 6 mos. ; engage- 
ment, 5 months. 

Bexnet, Jakez, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co., Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 
3 mos. ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Oct. 30, 1775. 

Benxet, Jacob. 2d Lieutenant; Capt. Nathaniel Carter's co.. Col. Abijah Stearns's 
(8th Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned July 23, 
1777. 

Bexxet, James, Ashby. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Stone's co., Col. William Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; serviq^, 1 mo. 13 days. 

Bennet, James, Woburn. Capt. John AVood's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's regt. ; re- 
ceipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Medford, Dec. 28, 1775; 
also. Private, Capt. Wood's co., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; pay abstract for 
May, 1776; also, list of men who lost articles at the evacuation of New York, 
Sept. 14, 1776. 

Bexxet, James, Jr., Wolnirn. Private; list of men returned as belonging to the train 
band of the 3d co. of Woburn, under Capt. Tiniotliy Winn, taken May 13, 1775. 

Bexxet, Jedediah, Middleborough. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Plymouth 
Co. in 1779, to serve in the Continental Army; age, 34 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; 
complexion, sandy; residence, Middleborough; delivered to Capt. L. Bailey; 
«7.?o, list of liien; enlisted July 22, 1779; discharged April 22, 1780; enlistment, 
9 months. 

Bennet, Jehemiah, Brentwood. Capt. Isaac Sherman's co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's 
regt. ; receipt for wages dated Cambridge, June 24, 1775 ; also. Private ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 1, 1775; service, 31 days; also, Capt. Sher- 
man's (4th) CO., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; pay abstracts 
for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated Sewall's Point; also, company return dated 
Sewall's Point, Sept. 26, 1775. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 949 

Bf.xnkt, Jeremlyh. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted Jnly 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 10 
days ; enlistment, 3 months ; regiment raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bknxet, JoHJf, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co., Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 12^ days. 

Benxet, John', Leominster. Private, Capt. Joshua Wood's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 177-"), to Cambridge ; service, 14 days. 

Bennet, Johx, Marblehead (also given Cambridge). Private, Capt. Nicholas Brough- 
ton's CO., Col. John Glover's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177") ; enlisted June 
27, 1775; service,-! mo. 7 days ; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bennet, John. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Abel Moulton's 3d (York) co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Sayer's (1st York Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned June 
25, 1776. 

Bennet, John, Philadelphia. List of prisoners discharged from prison ships at Rhode 
Island and sent to Boston in the schooner " Speedwell," by Josiah Godfrey, Aug. 
6, 1777. 

Bennet, John, Shrewsbury. Corporal, Capt. Francis Willson's co., Col. Danforth 
Keyes's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 1777; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1777; service, 4 
mos. 10 days, at Rhode Island ; aUo, pay abstract for travel allowance dated 
Providence, Dec. 29, 1777. 

Bennet, John. Private, Capt. Barnabas Doty's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 5, 1778; discharged Sept. 11, 1778; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. 

Bennet, John. Private, Capt. Job Cook's (16th) co.. Col. Hathaway's (2d Bristol Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. -4, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 5 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Dartmouth. 

Bennet, John. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bennet, John, Woburn. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental Army 
for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 17 J'rs.; 
stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Woburn; arrived at Spring- 
field July 15, 1780 ; marched to camp July 15, 1780, under command of Capt. 
James Cooper ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by 
Brig. Gen. Paterson, as having passed muster in a return dated Camp Totoway, 
Oct. 25, 1780; ft/.so. Private ; paj* roll for 6 months men raised by the town of 
Woburn for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 10, 1780 ; 
discharged Dec. 13, 1780; service, 5 mos. 14 days. 

Bennet, John. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's Cist) regt. ; 
muster roll for Jan., 1782, sworn to at West Point; enlisted Oct. 25, 1781 ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; reported with Brigade Quartermaster. . 

Bennet, Joseph. Private ; list of men returned as ser\ing on picket guard under 
Maj. Baldwin, May 23, 1775. 

Bennet, Joseph, Worcester (also given Ward). List of men mustered in Worcester 
Co. by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master; Capt. Whiting's co., Col. Denny's 
regt.; mustered May 9, 1778; residence, Worcester; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bennet, Joseph, Lancaster. Matross, Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Mason's regt. ; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from March 20, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
also. Col. John Crane's (Artillery) regt. ; list of men dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1778; 
also, Capt. Benjamin Frothingham's co., Col. Crane's regt. ; muster roll for Oct., 



950 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILOKS 



Bennet, JosErn, continued. 

1778, dated Sprinjifield; enlistment, 3 years; also, retnrn of men stationed at 
Springfield, dated Nov. 1, 1779; also, Capt. Br.vant's co. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 16, 1780; reported discharged. 

Bennet, Joseph, Framingham. Private, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge; service, 4 days; also, 
Capt. Thomas Drury's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 177.t; 
enlisted April 24, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 15 days ; also, company return dated Win- 
ter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775; also, Capt. Nathan Drury's (Gth) co.. Col. Ahner Perry's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 9 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bennkt, Joseph. Private, Cai>t. John Strong's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 2, 1777 ; service, 26 days, with 
Northern army; also. Sergeant, Capt. Sliuliael "VVillmark's co.. Col. Benjamin 
Symonds's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted April 26, 1778 ; discharged May 19, 1778 ; 
service, 24 days ; company ordered out by Maj. Gen. Gates to march to Saratoga; 
also, Private, Lieut. Daniel Brown's co.. Col. Simonds's regt. ; enlisted Oct. 13, 
1780 ; discharged Oct. 17, 1780 ; service, 5 days, on an alarm ; roll dated Hancock ; 
also, Capt. William Douglas's co.. Col. Sj'monds's regt. ; pay roll for service from 
Oct. 28 to Oct. 29, 2 days, on an alarm. Roll dated Hancock. 

Bennet, Joseph, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days; also, 
Capt. Isaac Wood's co., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; pay roll 
for service from Jul}' 20, 1777, to Aug. 27, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days, at Rhode Island; 
also, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; enlisted July 23, 
1780 ; discharged Oct. 27, 1780 ; service, 3 mos. 5 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; 
company detached to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bennet, Joseph, Little Compton. Private, Capt. Peleg Simmons's co.. Col. Chris- 
topher Olney's regt. ; muster roll dated Newport, Oct. 23, 1781 ; enlisted Oct. 
9, 1781. 

Bennet, Joseph, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. George Claghorn's co.. Col. Al)iel 
Mitchell's (Bristol Co.) regt.; enlisted July 31, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; 
service, 3 mos. 2 daj's ; regiment raised to reinforce Continental Army ; also, Capt. 
Daniel Drake's co.. Col. Luke Drurj-'s (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 27, 1781 ; 
arrived in camp Sept. 8, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 6, 1781 ; arrived home Dec. 17, 
1781 ; service, 3 mos. 20 days ; marched to North River. 

Bennet, Joseph, Shelburne. Descriptive list of enlisted men Ijelonging to Hampshire 
Co.; age, 37yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark ; hair, dark; occupa- 
tion, farmer; residence, Shelburne; enlisted March 26, 1781; enlistment, 3 years; 
also, Private, Capt. Matthew Chambers's co., Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (6th) 
regt. ; return for wages, etc., for Jan. -Dec, 1781 ; time allowed from March 20, 
1781 ; reported promoted to Corporal in May, 1781, and to Sergeant in June, 1781 ; 
also, Sergeant; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782. 

Bennet, Joseph, Jr. Capt. Samuel Low's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 19, 1777; service, 6 days, at 
Bennington. 

Bennet, Josiah, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Joseph AVhite's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 4^ 
days. 

Bennet, Josiah. Private, Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co.. Col. Ephraim Sawyer's regt. ; 
marched to reinforce Northern army Oct. 2, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 18, 1777 ; ser- 
vice, 25 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 951 

Bennet, Nathax, Middleborough. Private, Capt. "William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
inarched on the alarm of April 19, 177'), to Marshfield; service, 3 days; a/so, 
Capt. Joshua Benson's co., Col. Theopliilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, company return 
dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Nov. 14, 1775 ; also, list of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James 
Hatch, Muster Master [year not given] ; Capt. Dunham's co.. Col. Bailey's regt. ; 
age, 36 yrs. ; residence, Middleborough; enlistment, 3 years; also, 8th co.. Col. 
John Bailey's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 29, 
1777, to April 18, 1779; reported deserted and place taken by Stephen Bennet; 
also, Capt. George Dunham's (8th) co., Col. Bailey's (1st) regt. ; return of men in 
service before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Bexxet, Nathax, Blandford. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Ai"my for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 28 yrs. ; 
stature, 6 ft.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Blandford; arrived at Springfield 
July 17, 1780; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of Capt. Abner 
Howard. 

Bexxet, Nathaniel, Gloucester. Private, Capt. "Warner's co.. Col. Little's regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; enlisted May 3, 1775; age, 19 yrs. 

Bexxet, Nathaniel, Sanford (also given New Gloucester). Ensign, Capt. Morgan 
Lewis's CO., which marched April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 
1775; service, 3 days; also. Sergeant, Capt. Moses Merrill's co.. Col. Edmund 
Phinny's (31st) regt.; billeting roll from date of enlistment, Maj- 15, 1775, to 
date of marching to Headquarters, July 5, 1775, equivalent to 51 days ; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also. Lieutenant, Capt. Edward Harmon's 
9th (Sanford) co.. Col. Ebenezer Sayer's (1st York Co.) regt.; list of officers of 
Mass. militia ; commissioned June 25, 1776, 

Bexxet, Nathaxiel (also given Nathax), Glass "Works (also given Stockbridge). 
Corporal, Capt. Orringh Stoddard's co.. Col. Joseph "V'ose's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from March 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster 
roll dated Camp near "S'alley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; enlisted March 3, 1777 ; also, 
muster rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, and Jan., March and April, 1779, dated 
Providence; also, Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, 
to March 3, 1780. 

Bexxet, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. Col. "U'hite's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bexxet, Nehemiah, Stockbridge. Descriptive list of enlisted men raised agreeable to 
Act of Dec. 2, 1780; Capt. Marsh's co.. Col. Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; 
age, 18 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, light; hair, light; occupation, 
tailor ; residence, Stockbridge ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Private, Capt. Joseph 
Killam's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt. ; muster rolls for Fel) , March and 
April, 1781, dated AYest Point; enlisted Jan. 1, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Benxet, Peter. Private, Lieut. James Halbert's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's regt.; en- 
listed July 10, 1777 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 5 days ; marched to 
Saratoga. Roll dated Pelham. 

Bexxet, Phixeas. Corporal, Capt. Samuel Knight's co; enlisted July 15, 1775; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 1 day, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Bexxet, Robert. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co.. Col. John Ilathaway's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 



952 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND S.AELORS 

Bennet, Roland, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Russell's co.. Col. Brewer's regt. ; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Capt. Maynard's co., Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) reirt. [year not given] ; 
residence, Sudbury; enlisted for town of Sudbury; joined Capt. Saunders's co.. 
Col. M'igglesworth's regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Bennet, Roland (also given Rowland), Boston. Private, Capt. Daniel Pilsbury's co., 
Lieut. Col. Calvin Smitli's (6th) regt. ; return for wages, etc., for Jan.-Dec, 1782; 
reported deserted Feb. 21, 1782; returned June 1, 1782; sick in Aug., 1782; fur- 
loughed Dec, 1782 ; also. Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; list of men who 
served 3 years in the war. 

Bennet, Samuel, AVorcester. Private, Capt. Timothy Bigelow's co.. Col. Artemas 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 12 days. 

Bennet, Samuel, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Joshua Benson's co., Col. Theopliilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 7, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 2 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Capt. Isaac Wood's 
CO., Col. Thomas Carpenter's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from July 
20, 1777, to Aug. 27, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days, at Rhode Island; also, pay roll for 31 
days service in Sept% and Oct., 1777 ; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode 
Island; also, Capt. Elisha Haskell's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's (Plymouth Co.) 
regt.; pay roll for service from July 29, 1778, to Sept. 11, 1778, 1 mo. 14 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Bennet, S.\muel. Private, Capt. Squire Millerd's co. (1st division). Col. John Water- 
man's regt. ; receipt for wages for service from Jan. 9, 1777, to Feb. 8, 1777, dated 
Warwick ; reported as being the son of William Bennet. 

Bennet, Samuel. Musician, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co., Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) I'egt. ; muster roll made up from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 1, 1777; 
enlisted May 10, 1777 ; also, muster rolls for March and April, 1778 ; reported on 
command at Rhode Island in April, 1778 ; also. Drum Major, Capt. Thomas Cole's 
CO., Col. Greene's regt. ; muster roll for July, 1779, dated East Greenwich ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Bennet, Samuel, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Felj. 17, 1778; resi- 
dence, Lancaster; enlisted for town of Lancaster; joined Capt. Redding's co.. Col. 
Bradford's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bennet, Stephen, Woburn. Private; list of men returned as belonging to the train 
band of the 3d co. of Woburn under Capt. Timothy Winn, taken May 13, 1775. 

Bennet, Stephen, Wobm-n. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. David Greene's 
(2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
5 days ; also. Sergeant, Capt. John Wood's co. ; list of men who took the oath 
required by Congress dated Middlesex Co., May 27, 1775 ; also, Capt. Wood's 
(5th) CO., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay abstract for April, 1776, dated New 
York ; also, receipt for mileage, etc., dated Woburn, Oct. 6, 1777. 

Bennet, Stephen. Private, Capt. Edward Hammond's co., Col. Samuel Fisher's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 13, 1779; discharged Sept. 13, 1779; service at Rhode Island. 

Bennet, Stephen. Private, Capt. Thomas Crandon's co.. Col. John Hathaway's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 2, 1780; discharged Aug. 8, 1780; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. 

Bennet, Sylvanus, 2d, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., 

. which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days; 

also, Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated 

Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 3, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 6 days ; also, company return 

dated Oct. 7, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 953 

Bennet, Thomas, Woburu. Private; list of men returned as belonging to tlie train 
band of the 3d co. of Woburn under Capt. Timothy Winn, taken May 13, 1775. 

Bennet, Thomas, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Thomas Kempton's co.. Col. Timothy 
Danielson's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 6, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 2 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Roxbury, Oct. 30, 1775. 

Bennet, Thomas, Lancaster. Private, Capt. Benjamin Houghton's co., Col. John 
Whetcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; 
service, 7h days ; also, Capt. Andrew Haskell's co.. Col. Thomas Marsliall's regt. ; 
enlisted June 20, 1776; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 1 mo. 11 days. 

Bennet, Thomas. Private, Capt. William Green's co.. Col. Cyprian How's regt. ; en- 
listed Aug. 26, 1780; discharged Nov. 1, 1780; service, 2 mos. 11 days, at Rhode 
Island; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bennet, Thomas. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's co.. Col. Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 10, 1781; roll made up to Nov. 1, 1782; service, 13 mos. 21 days. 

Bennet, William. Capt. Enoch Putnam's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt. ; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Oct. 27, 1775. 

Bennet, William, Boston. Drummer, Capt. Benjamin Bowne's co., Lieut. Col. 
William Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt.; company return dated Prospect 
Hill, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Prospect Hill, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Bennet, Williaji, East Hoosac. Private, Capt. Samuel Sloan's co. of minute men; 
enlisted April 22, 1775; discharged May 5, 1775; service, 14 days; also, Capt. 
Sloan's CO., Col. John Paterson's regt. ; order for advance pay dated Camp at 
Cambridge, June 6, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Dec. 22, 1775. 

Bennet, AVilliam, Westborough. List of men returned as belonging to the train 
band [year not given] ; also, Private, Capt. Abner Cranston's co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's reirt. ; muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted 
Jan. 1, 1776 ; reported deserted Aug. 18, 1776. 

Bennet, William. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co.. Col. Simon Cary's reirt. ; 
pay roll for 7 days service dated Roxbury, April 1, 1776. 

Bennet, William. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. William Fellows's (Artillery) co., Berkshire 
Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Feb. 22, 1777. 

Bennet, Willia.^i. Drummer, Capt. Jonathan Stoddard's co.. Col. Thomas Crafts's 
(Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for service from May 8, 1777, to July 8, 1777, 2 mos. 

Bennet, William, Middleborough. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Woods's co.. Col. Thomas 
Carpenter's (Pl.vmouth Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from July 20, 1777, to Aug. 
27, 1777, 1 mo. 6 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bennet, Willia.m. Private, Capt. Ebeuezer Newell's co., Col. Symonds's regt.; 
marched from Lanesborough to Manchester July 9, 1777, on an alarm ; service, 21 
days. 

Bennet, William. Private, Capt. Ephraim Lyons's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; enlisted 
June 24, 1778; discharged July 13, 1778; service, 26 days, at Rhode Island. Roll 
dated Groton. 

Bennet, William. Master of a prison-ship; list of officers dated March 17, 1780. 



954 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benn'et, William, Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated July 22, 1780 ; Capt. 
Marston's co., Col. Edward Procter's (Boston) regt. ; age, 37 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
8 in.; complexion, brown; residence, Boston; enlistment, 3 months; marched 
under command of Brig. Gen. John Fellows. 

Benxet, William, Rhode Island. Volunteer, ship " Deane," commanded by Capt. 
Elisha Hinman ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Boston, Nov., 1780; 
age, 19 yrs.; complexion, dark; residence, Rhode Island. 

Benxet, William. Drummer, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. John 
Cathcart; engaged July 1, 1779; discharged Sept. G, 1779; service, 2 mos. 6 days; 
also, Drunmier, frigate " Deane," commanded by Capt. Samuel Nicholson; en- 
gaged Jan. 21, 1782; roll made up to May 31, 1782; service, 4 mos. 10 days; 
engagement, 12 months. 

Bennet, William. Receipt for wages for service to May 10, 1783, on l)oard the frigate 
"Hague," commanded by Capt. J. Manley. 

Benxet, William. Private, Capt. Jonathan Houghton's co.. Col. Smith's regt. [year 
not given] . 

Bennet, William. Private, Capt. Brigham's co., Col. Cushing's regt.; pay abstract 
for 8 mos. service at Dorchester, 43 mos. service at New York [year not given] . 

Bennet, William, Jr. List of men drafted from 1st York Co. regt. to serve at Rhode 
Island or elsewhere in New England for 2 mos., dated May 8, 1777. 

Bennett, . [This name also appears under the form of Banner, Bannet, Banot, 

Barrett, Benet, Benett, Benit, Benitt, Bonner, Bennet, Bennit, Bennitt, Bennt, Ber- 
mitt, Biennit, Bonnet, Bonnctt.] 

Bennett, Aaron, Shirlej-. Corporal, Capt. Ileniy Haskell's co.. Col. James Prescott's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177'); returned May 3, 1775; ser- 
vice, 16 daj^s. 

Bennett, Aauon. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Holden's 
CO., Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Littleton, May 29, 1777 ; 
enlisted for town of Groton; joined Capt. Goodale's co. ; enlistment, 8 months, 
to expire Jan. 10, 1778. 

Bennett, Ahuam (also given Abraham), Ashby. List of men who served for 2 mos. 
from Sept., 1776, in New York; also, Private, Capt. Thomas Warren's co.. Col. 
Brooks's regt. ; return of men in service at White Plains, Oct. 31, 1776. 

Bennett, Amos, Marblehead. Capt. William Bacon's co.. Col. John Glover's regt. ; 
receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 27, 1775; also, Private; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 days; also, com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent 
in money, dated Camp at Cambridge, Jan. 1, 1776. 

Bennett, Asael. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co.. Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1778 ; reported sick and 
absent in Feb., 1778. 

Bennett, Batchelor, Middleborough. Corporal, Capt. Aljiel Pearce's (2d) co., which 
marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield; service, 2 days; also, 
Private, Capt. Nathaniel AVood's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; enlisted May 
6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; service, 3 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth. 

Bennett, Batchelor. Private, Capt. Jonah Washburn's co.. Col. Eljenezer White's 
regt.; marched to Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 9, 
1780 ; service, 9 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 955 

Bexnktt, Bexajah (also jriven Bexaiah) . Private, Colonel's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's 
(6tlO regt. ; Continental Array pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 
!), 1780; credited to town of Worth ington ; also, Colonel's co., commanded by 
Lieut. Peter Clayes, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstract for Jan. -June, 1780 ; service, 
2 mos. 9 days ; reported discharged March 9, 1780. 

Benxett, Bexjamix. Capt. Micah Goodenow's co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; receipt for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775. 

Bexxett, Bexja:mix, Marl)lehead. Drummer, Capt. Samuel Trevett's co., Col'. Richard 
Gridlcy's (Artillery) regt. ; muster roll dated June 21, 1775 ; enlisted May 8, 1775 ; 
service, 1 mo. 16 days. 

Bexnett, Bexjamix, Manchester. Capt. Benjamin Kimball's co.. Col. Mansfield's 
regt.; receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Ang. 1, 1775; enlisted June 1, 1775; service, 2 mos. 5 days; 
also, Capt. Kimball's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Dec. 30, 1775. 

Bexxett, Bexjamix, Ward. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Worcester Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 17, 1778 ; 
Capt. Jesse Stone's (also given Capt. AVhiting's) co.. Col. Denny's regt. ; age, 
24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in. ; complexion, dark; residence, Ward. 

Bexnett, Bezaleel, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Robert Andrews's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Shrewsbury (2d Precinct) , to Cambridge ; 
service, 11 days. 

Bennett, Daniel. Private ; list of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777 ; Capt. Christopher Marshall's co.. Col. 
Thomas Marshall's I'egt. ; also, Capt. Christopher Marshall's co., Col. Thomas 
Marshall's regt. ; roll made up for 40 days rations from date of enlistment, Dec. 
25, 1776, to Feb. 1, 1777; marched from Boston to Bennington. 

Bennett, David, Princeton. Enlistment agreement signed by said Bennett and others, 
engaging themselves to serve until Dec. 31, 1775, dated April 26, 1775; Capt. 
Stearns's co., Col.Doolittle's regt. ; also, Private, Capt. Jones's co.. Col. Doolittle's 
regt ; company return dated camp at Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bennett, David, Shrewsbury. Capt. Job Cushing's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 13, 
1775 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Ebenezer 
Ingalsbe's co., 6th Worcester Co. regt., dated Dec. 15, 1777; residence, Shrews- 
bury; enlisted for town of Shrewsbury; joined Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. 
Thomas Nixon's regt. ; also, Private, Colonel's co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 5, 1777, to July 21, 1777; 
reported deceased; also, Capt. Adam Wheeler's co., Col. Nixon's regt. ; return of 
men in service on or before Aug. 15, 1777. 

Bennett, David, Lancaster (also given Princeton). Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's 
CO., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from Lancaster to Dorchester 
Heights [probably in Sept., 1776] ; also, pay abstract for gun and blanket money, 
dated Dorchester, Feb. 12, 1777 ; also, return of men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, 
to March 1, 1777; reported discharged Jan. 1, 1777. 

Bennett, David, Jr., Lancaster. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co., Col. Dike's 
regt. ; return of men in service from Dec. 1, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bennett, Ebenezer, Middleborough. Private, Lieut. Jonah M'ashburn's co., Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
service, 11 days; also, 4th Corporal, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co., Col. Ebenezer 
Sprout's regt. ; enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 
1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth. 



95G MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benxett, Ehexezek Levi, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Ablel Pearce's (2d) co., 
which marched on the ahirm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 2 days; 
also, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co., CoL Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to 
Howhxnd's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 5 days ; also, Capt. 
Amos "Washburn's co., Col. Wade's regt.; enlisted June 22, 1778; discharged 
July 17, 1778; service, 25 days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Barrows's co.. Col. 
Sprout's regt.; enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 
1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth; 
also, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. Eljenezer White's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1780 ; 
discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bexnett, Edward. Cook, ship " General Putnam," commanded by Capt. Daniel 
Waters; engaged July 10, 1779; service, 1 mo. 27 days. 

Bexnett, Elisha. Private, Capt. William Greenleaf's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; discharged Oct. 24, 1777; service, 2 mos. 2 days. Roll 
dated Lancaster. 

Bennett, Elisha. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth. Roll dated 
Middleborough. 

Bennett, Elkanah, Middleborough. Private, Lieut. Jonah Washburn's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; 
service, 5 days. 

Bennett, FU/VNCIS, Cambridge. Private, Capt. Glover's co., Col. Glover's regt.; com- 
pany return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bennett, George. Private, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. Jolin Broolvs's (7th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for April and May, 1781, dated West Point; enlisted Feb. 7, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, muster roll for June, 1781 ; also, muster rolls for 
July and Aug., 1781 ; reported sick and absent; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; 
also, muster rolls for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1781, dated York Ilutts; also, de- 
scriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, May 26, 1782 ; 7th regt. ; age, 43 
jTS. 3 mos.; stature, 6 ft.; enlisted for town of Murrayfield; enlisted Feb. 1, 
1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported mustered out ; also, return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army during 1781 and 1782 reported unfit for service; 7th regt.; 
age, 43 yrs. 3 mos.; stature, 6 ft.; enlisted for town of Murrayfield; enlistment, 
3 years; reported disabled; also, Capt. King's co., Lieut. Col. Bi-ooks's regt.; 
register of furloughs; leave given by Col. Brooks to go from West Point to Mur- 
rayfield June 19, 1782, for 30 days; reported deserted July, 1782, from furlough. 

Bennett, George. Capt. Thomas Cushing's co. ; warrants to pay oflicers and men for 
service at the Castle from April 24, 1785, to April 25, 1786, and from July 25, 1786, 
to Oct. 25, 1786. 

Bennett, Gideon. Capt. Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; list of 
men court-martialled ; tried Aug., 1781, by regimental court-martial, Capt. Fowls, 
President, for absence without leave ; sentence, 100 lashes ; also, list of men in 
Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. who died subsequent to Jan. 1, 1781; died Aug. 14, 
1781, of dysentery, in Virginia. 

Bennett, Hugh. Capt. Turner Phillips's co.. Col. Crafts's regt.; list of men who 
received bounty for 8 mos. service from April 30, 1777, to Dec. 30, 1777. 

Bennett, Isaac. 1st Corporal, Capt. Bradbury Sanders's (2d) co. ; enlisted Jan. 20, 
1776; roll made up to Feb. 29, 1776; service, 1 mo. 11 days, at Gloucester; also, 
2d Sergeant, Capt. Sanders's co. ; rolls made up for service from March 1, 1776, 
to Aug. 31, 1770, 6 mos., at Gloucester. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 957 

Bennett, Isaac, Middleborou,?h. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as returned 
June 10, 1777 ; Capt. Jolin Porter's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's reart. ; age, -tl yrs. ; 
residence, Middleborough ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bennett, Isaac, Pelham. Private, Capt. David Cowden's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles 
AVoodbridge's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177.5; service, 11 
days ; also, receipt for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 26, 1775 ; also, muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also. Cor- 
poral, Capt. Daniel Shays's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; muster return dated 
Albany, Feb. 9, 1778; residence, Pelham ; enlisted for town of Pelham; mustered 
by Col. Woodbridge ; also, Private, Capt. Benson's co.. Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to May 14, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 years ; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Pelham 
for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched June 25, 1780; dis- 
charged Dec. 25, 1780; service, 6 mos. 8 days. 

Bennett, Isaac, Middleborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. Col. Sprout's (4th) regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; resi- 
dence, Middleborough ; enlisted for town of Middleborough ; joined Capt. Ben- 
son's CO., Col. Putnam's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; a^so, list of 
men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, Muster Master ; Capt. Benson's 
CO.; age, 41 yrs.; also, Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) 
regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Feb., 1778 ; also. Corporal, Major's co., Col. 
Putnam's regt. ; Continental Armj- pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
March 3, 1780. 

Bennett, Jacob. Private, Capt. Jonah Washburn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 daj's. 

Bennett, James, Reading. Corporal, Capt. John Walton's co., Col. David Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 8 days. 

Bennett, James, Ashby. Private, Capt. Wyman's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 29, 1775 ; service, 2 mos. 4 days ; also, com- 
pany return dated Cambridge, Oct. 3, 1775. 

Bennett, James, Ashby. Captain, 9th (Ashby) co., 6th Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 24, 1776; also, list of men who 
engaged as Minute-men for 3 months from June 17, 1776 ; also, Ashby co.. Col. 
Jonathan Read's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; com- 
missioned Oct. 10, 1777. 

Bennett, James, Woburn. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. David Greene's 
(2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
6 days ; also, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt. ; order for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 1, 1775; also, Capt. AVood's (5th) co.. Col. 
Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, pay abstract for Sept., 1775, 
dated Chelsea; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, list of men who 
agreed to serve the month of Jan., 1776, dated Medford; also, Capt. Wood's co., 
Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay abstracts for Feb. and March, 1776; also, pay 
abstract for June, 1776, dated New York ; also, receipts for guns dated New York, 
June 11 and Aug. 12, 1776; also, order for wages, etc., for 177"6, dated Woburn, 
Sept. 20, 1777. 

Bennett, Jajies. Ensign, Capt. Nathan Smith's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; pay roll for 
the month of Nov., 1778; also, Capt. Abraham Andrews's co.. Col. John Jacobs's 
regt. ; list of officers raised for service at Rhode Island [year not given] . 



958 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bennett, James. Private, Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; list of deserters dated 
Camp Ten Eyck, Aug. 27, 1780; deserted March 11, 1777, from Lieut. Colonel's 

CO. 

Bennett, Jedediaii. Private, Capt. Luke Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. Euocli Putnam's 
(Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted Sept. 3, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 8, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 18 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised to join army under Gen. 
Washington, at West Point. 

Bennett, Jekemiah. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co. ; enlisted March 11, 1781; dis- 
charged March 18, 1781 ; service, 4 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bennett, Job. Private, Capt. Daniel Warner's (1st) co. ; enlisted July 19, 1775 ; rolls 
made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 2(5 days, at Gloucester. 

Bennett, John, Ipswich. Private, Capt. Charles Smith's co. ; enlisted July 23, 1775; 
rolls made up to Jan. 1, 1776; service, 5 mos. 23 days, in defence of sea coast in 
Essex Co. 

Bennett, John. Capt. Nicholson Broughton's (")tli) co., Cul. Jolin Glover's (21st) 
regt. ; order for boimty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Marljlehead, Jan. 
6, 1776. 

Bennett, John, Bridgewater. Matross, Cajit. Jonathan W. Edes's (Ith) co.. Col. 
Thomas Crafts's (Artillery) regt.; enlisted May 21, 1776; service, 4 mos. 17 
days ; reported deserted Oct. 6, 1776. 

Bennett, John. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (26tli) regt. ; 
pay abstracts for Feb. and March, 1776; also, pay abstract for April, 1776, dated 
New York ; also, pay abstract for May, 1776 ; also, pay abstract for June, 1776, 
dated New York. 

Bennett, John, Newljury. Private, Capt. Robert Dodge's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's 
regt.; pay roll for 3 days service sworn to Nov. 29, 1776; marched to camp and 
home again. 

Bennett, John, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Baker's co.. Col. Hutchinson's regt.; 
return of men in service in 1776; enlistment, 12 months; reported deserted. 

Bennett, John. Private, Capt. Fortunatus Eager's co., Col. Josiah AVhitney's regt.; 
marched to reinforce army in the Jersej'S under Gen. Washington Dec. 17, 1776; 
returned March 27, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 10 days ; roll dated Lancaster ; also, 
Capt. William Greenleaf's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted Sept. 3, 1777; 
discharged Nov, 29, 1777; service, 2 mos. 26 days; reported furloughed Oct. 31, 
1777. Roll dated Lancaster. 

Bennett, John. Private, Capt. Abel Mason's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 16, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 23 days; company 
drafted for service with Northern armv. 

Bennett, John. Seaman, sloop "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Jolin Fisk; 
engaged July 17, 1776; rolls made up to Feb. 17, 1777; roll for July-Sept., 
1776, dated Salem. 

Bennett, John. Corporal, Capt. Francis AVillson's co.. Col. Dauforth Keyes's regt.; 
payroll for service from Dec. 1, 1777; discharged Jan. 3, 1778; service, 1 mo. 
3 days. Roll dated Providence. 

Bennett, John, Ashby. Private, Capt. Wyman's co.. Col. Prescott's regt.; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; also, 
company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 3, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into 
Continental Army from Capt. James Bennett's co., dated Feb. 13, 1778; residence, 
Ashbv ; enlisted for town of Ashln- ; joined Capt. Crafts's co. 



I2s^ THE WAR OF THE KEVOLUTIOX. 959 

Bennett, John. Private, Capt. Perez Churchill's co.. Col. Eljenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 13, 1778 ; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. 

Bennett, John. Private, Capt. Nathan Smith's co.. Col. Jacobs's regt. ; payroll for 
Nov., 1778. 

Bennett, John. Private, Cai)t. Joshua Walker's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company detached to join Continental Army at Claverack. Roll 
dated Woburn. 

Bennett, John, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Waltham ; joined Capt. Thomas 
Wellington's co., Col. Edward Wigglesworth's regt.; mustered by Nathaniel 
Barber, Muster Master ; also, Private, Capt. Wellington's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt.; muster roll for June, 1778, dated Camp Greenwich; also, pay abstract for 
Oct., 1778; also, Capt. Eltenezer Smith's co., Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; muster 
roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; enlisted Jan. 1, 1777; enlist- 
ment, during war ; reported transferred to Capt. Pilsbury's (Light Infantry) co. ; 
also, Capt. Daniel Pillsburj^'s CO., Col. Wigglesworth's regt.; muster roll for 
March and April, 1779; enlisted Feli. 15, 1777; «/so, Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's 
(13th) regt.; list of deserters ; age,21yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in. ; complexion, light; 
hair, dark ; occupation, seaman ; birthplace, Boston ; residence, Boston ; deserted 
July, 1779, from Capt. Pillsbury's co. 

Bennett, John, Groton. Private, Col. Elisha Sheldon's (2d) regt. of light dragoons; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 22, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
residence, Groton ; credited to town of Ashby ; enlistment, during war ; also, re- 
turn dated Durham, April 22, 1779; also, return dated Fishkill, June 18, 1779. 

Bennett, Joseph, Concord. Capt. Joseph Butler's co.. Col. John Nixon's regt. ; order 
for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 10, 1775 ; also, Private ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 30, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company 
return dated Winter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equiv- 
alent in money, dated Camp at Winter Hill, Dec. 20, 1775. 

Bennett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Rice's co., Col. John Waterman's regt. ; 
pay roll for 32 days service between Dec. 4, 1776, and Jan. 6, 1777. 

Bennett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Job Peirce's co., Col. Theophilus Cotten's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt. ; pay roll for Oct., 1777, dated Middleborough ; service at Rliode 
Island; also, Capt. Henry Pierce's co., Col. Cotton's regt.; enlisted March 8, 
1781 ; discharged March 31, 1781 ; service, 26 days, on the 40 days expedition to 
Rhode Island by order of Gov. Hancock. 

Bennett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Aaron Jewett's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 15, 1777; dischargedNov. 29, 1777; service, 3 mos. 15 days; marched 
to Saratoga. Roll dated Littleton. 

Bennett, Joseph, Ward (also given Worcester) . Descriptive list of men enlisted from 
Worcester Co. for the term of 9 months from their arrival at Fishkill, June 17, 
1778; Capt. Jesse Stone's (also given Capt. Whiting's) co.. Col. Denny's regt.; 
age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 10 in. ; complexion, dark ; residence, Ward. 

Bennett, Joseph, Lancaster. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Bar- 
ber, Muster Master, dated Boston, March 30, 1777; Col. Crane's regt. 

Bennett, Joseph. Corporal, Capt. John Carpenter's co. ; enlisted June 10, 1780; dis- 
charged Feb. 11, 1781; service, 8 mos., with guards at Springfield; enlistment, S 
months. 

Bennett, Joseph. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co. ; enlisted March 14, 1781 ; dis- 
charged March 18, 1781 ; service, 4 days, at Rhode Island. 



960 IMASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD S.ULORS 

Bennett, Joseph, Miirrayfield. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated Feb. 20, 1782; 
age, 3i yrs.; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, black- 
smith; birthplace. Great Britain; residence, Murrayfield ; enlisted Feb. 7, 1781; 
joined Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Bennett, Joseph, Jr., Middleborough. Private, Capt. James Tisdale's co., Col. John 
Greaton's (3d) regt.; muster rolls for Dec, 1781, and Jan., 1782, dated Hutts, 
New Boston ; enlisted July 10, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bennett, Jotham, Leominster. Private, Capt. John Josl.vn's co., Col. John Whet- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 12 days. 

Bennett, Mitchkl. Private, Capt. Henry Jenne's co. ; enlisted March 14, 1781; dis- 
charged March 18, 1781 ; service, 4 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bennett, Moses, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Warner's co., Col. Moses 
Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted Ma.v 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days; also, company return [prolmbly Oct., 1775]; age, 18 yrs.; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prospect Hill, Nov. 25, 
1775. 

Bennett, Nathan. Private, Capt. Erastus Sargeant's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's 
(Bei'kshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged March 22, 1777 ; service, 
97 days, at Ticonderoga; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Bennett, Nathan, Middleborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Array 
from Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co., Col. Sprout's (4th) regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; 
residence, Middleborough ; enlisted for town of Middleborough ; age, 36 j'rs. ; 
joined Capt. Dunham's co., Col. Bailey's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Bennett, Nathan, Glass Works (Lee) also given Stockbridge. Private, Capt. William 
Goodrich's co., Col. John Patterson's regt., which marched April 22, 1775, in re- 
sponse to the alarm of April 19, 1775, from Stockl)ridge and Glass Works to Cam- 
bridge; service, 13 days; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 
1775 ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, list of men who received money from the public 
treasury for losses at battles of Lexington and Bunker Hill ; wa'rrant allowed in 
Council, June 13, 1776; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Isaac Marsh's (1st) co. [year not given] ; residence, Stockbridge; enlisted 
for town of Stockbridge; joined Capt. Stoddard's co., Col. Vose's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years or during war ; mustered by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master, 
between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 1778. 

Bennett, Nathaniel, Gloucester. Private, Capt. Natlianiel Warner's co.,Col. Moses 
Little's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 3, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 6 days; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Pros- 
pect Hill, Nov. 21, 1775. 

Bennett, Nathaniel. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Daniel Littlefield's co.. Col. John Frost's 
regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia returned by Brig. Gen. Jotham Moulton, 
dated Providence, Dec. 24, 1776. 

Bennett, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 days; marched from Middleborough to Dart- 
mouth on two alarms. 

Bennett, Noah. Private, Capt. Daniel Warner's (Isl) co. ; enlisted July 19, 1775; 
rolls made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 5 mos. 26 days, at Gloucester. 

Bennett, Peteu. Private, Capt. John Bayley's co., Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; en- 
listed March 10, 1777; roll made up to May 26, 1777; service, 2 mos. 22 days. 



IX THE WAR OF THE KEVOLUTIUX. 961 

Bexxett, Peter, Woolwich. Private, Capt. John Burnara's co., Col. Michael Jack- 
son's reart. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 20, 1777, to 
May 15, 177S ; reported died May 1'), 1778. 

Benxett, Roland, Sudt)ury. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co.. Col. James Barrett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"); service, .3 days; also, Capt. 
J. K. Smith's co., Col. Calvin Smith's reirt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bexxett, Rolaxd (also given Rowi.axd), Boston. Descriptive list of enlisted men 
dated West Point, Jan. 29, 1781; age, 30 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, 
dark; hair, dark; eyes, light; residence, Boston; rank. Private; enlisted March 
1, 1777, by Lieut. Joshua Willington; joined Capt. Pillsbury's co., Lieut. Col. 
Smith's (6th) regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Bexxett, Samtei,, Manchester. Private, Capt. Andrew Marsters's co., which marched 
on the alarm of Ai)ril 19, 1775, to Medford ; service, 3 days. 

Bexxett, Samuel, Middleborough. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. as re- 
turned June 10, 1777 ; Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Michael Jackson's regt. ; age, 
41 yrs. ; residence, Middleborough ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bexxett, Samuel. Musician, Capt. Elijah Lewis's co., Col. Christopher Green's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt.; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1778. 

Bexxett, Sajiuel. Private, Capt. John Barrows's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt. of 
guards; enlisted April 14, 1778; discharged July 2, 1778; service, 2 mos. 21 days, 
at and about Boston. 

Bexxett, Samuel. Private, Capt. John Porter's co.. Col. Samuel Denny's (2d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Claverack ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Bexxett, Samuel, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. William Greenleaf's co., 2d Worcester Co. reiit., dated Feb. 17, 1778 ; resi- 
dence, Lancaster; enlisted for town of Lancaster; joined Capt. Zebedee Redding's 
CO., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; mustered by Nathaniel 
Barber, Muster Master. 

Bexxett, Samuel, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Abiel Pearce's (2d) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 2 days ; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co.. 
Col. Sprout's (4th) regt., dated Feb. 19, 1778; residence, Middleborough; enlisted 
for town of Middleborough (also given Halifax) ; age, 41 yrs. ; joined Capt. 
Benson's co., Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; mustered by James 
Hatch, Muster Master; reported died Jan. 11, 1778. 

Bexxett, Stephex, Woburn. Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Samuel Gerrish's regt.; 
return dated Medford, Aug. 10, 1775; reported sick and absent ; also, Sergeant, 
Capt. Wood's (5th) co.. Col. Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 38th regt.; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 24, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 days; also, 
pay abstract for Sept., 1775, dated Chelsea; also, company return dated Oct., 
1775 ; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Medford, 
Dec. 28, 1775 ; also, list of men dated Cambridge, Dec. 30, 1775 ; also, Capt. Wood's 
CO., Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt.; pay abstracts for Feb. and May, 1776; also, pay 
abstract for June, 1776, dated New York. 

Bennett, Stephen, Billerica. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co. for 
the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 19, 1778; 
Capt. Turner's co.. Col. Spaulding's regt.; age, 25 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 8 in.; resi- 
dence, Billerica. 



9G2 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS .IXD S.ULURS 



Bennett, Stephen. Private, Capt. Luke Bicknell's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Putnam's 
(Plymouth Co.) rept. ; enlisted Sept. 3, 17S1 ; discharjred Dec. 8, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 18 days; enlistment, 3 months; regiment raised to join army under Gen. 
"Washington at West Point. 

Bennett, Sylvanus, Middleborough. Capt. Joshua Benson's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Nov. 14, 177"); also, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; 
marched to Ilowland's Ferry, 11. 1., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 12 days ; 
also, Capt. Barrows's co.. Col. Sprout's regt.; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 6 da3-s ; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on 
an alarm. 

Bennett, Tekence (also given Terns and Ternee), Boston. Descriptive list of 
enlisted men; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light ; hair, black; 
residence, Boston; occupation, tailor; enlisted Feb. 14, 1781; joined Capt. Mills's 
CO., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) regt.; enlistment, during war; also, list of 
men discharged in Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt. ; Capt. Mills's co. ; discharged June 
10, 1783, by Gen. Washington, term of enlistment having expired. 

Bennett, Thomas, Shirley. Sergeant, Capt. Henry Haskell's co.. Col. James Pres- 
cott's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 7 days ; re- 
ported enlisted into the armj^ April 26, 1775; also, Capt. Longley's co., Col. 
Whitcomb's regt.; receipts for wages for Aug. and Sept., 1775, dated Prospect 
Hill; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bennett, Thomas, Woburn. Private, Capt. Josliua Walker's co.. Col. David Greene's 
(2d Middlesex Co.) regt., which marched on tlie alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
8 daj's; also, Capt. John Wood's CO., Col. Loammi Baldwin's (late Gerrish's) 
38th regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 16, 1775; service, 2 mos. 
17 days ; also, list of men in need of blankets dated Medford, Aug. 9, 1775 ; also, 
company return [prolmbly Oct., 1775] ; also, pay al)stract dated Chelsea, Oct. 30, 
1775; also, receipt for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Medford, 
Dec. 28, 1775; also, list of men dated Cain1)ridge, Dec. 30, 1775; also, list of men 
who agreed to serve the month of Jan., 1776, dated Medford. 

Bennett, Thomas. Private, Capt. Joshua Walker's co., Col. Samuel Denny's regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 22, 1779; discharged Nov. 23, 1779; service, 1 mo. 13 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months ; company detached to join Continental Armj- at Claverack. Roll 
dated Woburn. 

Bennett, Thomas. Matross, Capt. Amos Lincoln's (Artillery) co.; pay roll for ser- 
vice from Nov. 1, 1782; discharged June 1, 1783; service, 7 mos. 1 day; also, list 
of men entitled to receive clothing for 1782, dated Boston. 

Bennett, William, Harvard. Private, Capt. Isaac Gates's (4th) co.. Col. Asa Whit- 
comb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, 8 days; reported enlisted into the army April 26, 1775. 

Bennett, William, Reading. Private, Capt. John Walton's co.. Col. David Green's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 6 days. 

Bennett, William, Gloucester. Capt. Enoch Putnam's co., Col. Jolni Mansfield's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Caml)ridge, June 8, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 18, 1775; service, 2 mos. 19 days; 
also, companj' return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bennett, William, Westborough. Capt. James Burt's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, Juno 3, 1775; also. Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 13 days; 
also, receipt for wages for Aug., 1775, dated Prospect Hill; also, company return 
[probably Oct., 1775]. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 963 

Bennett, William, Middleborongh. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177"), to Marshfield ; service, 2 days ; also, 
Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Theopliilus Cotton's rei,'t. ; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 177-") ; enlisted May 5, 177") ; service, 3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return 
dated Oct. 7, 177iJ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
lioxljury, Nov. 14, 1775; also, Capt. Wood's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged 
Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth. 

Bennett, William. Private, Capt. John Wood's co.. Col. Baldwin's (26th) regt. ; 
pay abstract for June, 177G, dated New York. 

Bennett, William. Capt. Kobert Davis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; pay roll for 1 
mo. 7 days service-sworn to Dec. 4, 1777, in Suffolk Co. ; companj' raised for a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bennett, William, Lanesborough. Private. Capt. Daniel Brown's co. ; marched to 
Pawlet Sept. 5, 1777, on an alarm; service, 27 days; also, descriptive list of men 
enlisted from Berkshire Co. for the term of 9 months from the time of their arrival 
at Fishkill, June 9, 1778; Capt. Brown's co., Col. Diamond's regt.; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Lanesborough. 

Bennett, William. Private, Capt. Caleb Champney's co. ; enlisted Feb. 15, 1779; 
discharged May 14, 1779; service, 3 mos., with guai-ds at and about Boston under 
Maj. Gen. Gates. 

Bennett, William. Drummer, Capt. Alexander Hodgdon's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Thaj-er's (Suffolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 26, 1780; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; 
service, 2 mos. 29 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised 
to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bennett, William, 2d, Middleborough. Private, Lieut. John Barrows's (2d) co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; marched to Rowland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of 
Dec. 8, 1776 ; service, 12 days ; also, Capt. Barrows's co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; en- 
listed May 6, 1778 ; discharged May 9, 1778 ; service, 3 days ; marched from Mid- 
dleborough to Dartmouth on an alarm. 

Bennet, Elkanah. Corporal, Capt. Silas Wild's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; pay roll 
for service from Feb. 3 to April 3 [year not given, probably 1778] ; service, 2 mos., 
guarding troops of convention at Cambridge. 

Bennet, John, Jr. Private, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; payroll for 
7 days service between Aug. 31, 1779, and Nov. 20, 1779, at Penobscot. 

Bennifield, Thomas. Capt. Timothy Langdon's co. ; receipt for wages for service for 
1 mo. dated Boothbay, Nov. 10, 1775 ; also. Private ; Capt. Langdon's co. ; enlisted 
July 13, 1775; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 3 days, at Boothbay. 

Benxit, Asahi:l. Private, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s (Berkshire 
Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from Oct. 15 to Oct. 17, 1780, 4 days ; marched by 
order of Brig. Gen. Fellows at the time Forts George and Ann were taken by the 
enemy. Roll sworn to at Sheffield. 

Bennit, Benjamin, Worcester. Drummer, Capt. Edmund Hodges's co., Col. Josiah 
Whitney's regt.; enlisted May 5, 1777; discharged Jul}' 6, 1777; service, 2 mos. 
7 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bennit, Benjamin, Williamstown. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Samuel Clark's co. [.year not given]; residence, Williamstown; 
enlisted for town of Williamstown ; joined Capt. Miller's co.. Col. Vose's regt. ; 
enlistment, 8 months. 

Bennit, Bristol, New Providence. Private, Major's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 14, 1780; 
residence, New Providence ; enlistment, 3 years. 



964 :^IASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bennit, Daxiei., Dartmouth. Private, 4th co., Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt. ; 
Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 
reported discharged Dec. 19, 1779 ; also, Capt. Christojiher Marshall's (7th) co., 
Col. Marshall's regt. ; return for clothing for 1778; also, muster rolls for Jan. and 
March, 1779, dated West Point; alao, muster roll for April, 1779, dated West 
Point; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; enlistment, 3 years. 

Benxit, David, Shrewsbury. Private, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Ward's regt. ; muster 
roll dated Aug. 1, 177ri; enlisted April 28, 1775; service, 3 mos. 11 days. 

Bexxit, Delivekaxce. Private, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) 
regt.; muster roll for Aug., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill ; enlisted April 8, 1781; 
enlistment, 3 years; also, muster roll for Sept., 1781; reported on command with 
Col. Putnam. 

Bexnit, Ebexezek. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co., Col. Simon Carj-'s regt.; 
pay roll for 5 days service dated lloxbury, April 1, 1776. 

Bexxit, Fraxcis, New Gloucester. Corporal, Capt. Nathan Merrill's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Mitchel's regt. ; marched July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 
17 days; company detached from militia of Cumberland Co. for service on 
Penobscot expedition. 

Benxit, Geokge. Private, Capt. Zebulon King's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt.; muster rolls for Jan. and Feb., 1782, dated York Huts ; enlisted Fel). 27, 
1781; enlistment, 3 years; reported sick and absent. 

Bexxit, Gideox. Capt. Daniel Egery's co.. Col. Timothy Danielson's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp lloxbury, Nov. 6, 1775. 

Benxit, Gideox. Private, Capt. Rufus Lincoln's co., Lieut. Col. John Brooks's (7th) 
regt. ; muster rolls for Aug. and Sept., 1781 ; reported on command with light 
infantry. 

Bennit, Isaac. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Thomson's 
CO., 4th Hampshire Co. regt., dated South Hadley, May 28, 1777; enlisted for 
town of Pelham; joined Capt. Shays's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years ; also. Private, Capt. Benson's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from May 15, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; age, 41 yrs. 

Bennit, Isaac. Corporal, Capt. Shays's co.. Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from March 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; credited to town 
of Middleborough. 

Bennit, Jakez, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Kempton's co.. Col. Danielson's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; reported discharged Sept. 27, 1775. 

Bexxit, Jakez, Hancock. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Stephen Smith's co. [year not given] ; residence, Hancock ; enlisted for town of 
Norfolk; joined Capt. AVatson's co.. Col. Swift's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; 
mustered for Connecticut. 

Bennit, James, Woburn. Capt. Wood's co., Col. Loammi Baldwin's 38th (also given 
26th) regt.; list of men who left the service Dec. 31, 1775, having been stationed 
at Chelsea and Medford. 

Bennit, James. Private, Capt. Abel King's co.. Col. Sears's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 20, 
1781; discharged Nov. 20, 1781 ; service, 3 mos., at Saratoga. 

Bexxit, Johx. Corporal, Capt. Edward Grow's (York) co. ; enlisted July 10, 1775; 
roll made up for service from Nov. 1, 1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days. 

Bexxit, John. Private, Capt. John Joslin's co.. Col. Job Cushing's (Worcester Co.) 
regt., i)ay roll for 1 mo. 7 days service from last of July, 1777; marched from 
Leominster to join Col. Seth Warner at Bennington. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 965 

Benxit, Joseph, Little Conipton. Corporal, Capt. Peleg Simmons's co., Col. Christo- 
pher Olney's regt. ; muster roll dated Newport, R. I., Oct. 2.3, 1781 ; enlisted Oct. 
9, 1781. 

Bennit, Joseph, Jr., Middleborough. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Tisdale's 
CO., Col. John Greaton's regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; complexion, 
light; hair, dark; eyes, light;- occupation, laborer; residence, Middleborough ; 
enlisted July 10, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months (also given 3 years) ; also. Private, 
Capt. James Tisdale's co., Col. Greaton's (3d) regt.; muster rolls for Aug. and 
Sept., 1781, dated Camp Peekskill ; also, muster roll for Oct. and Nov., 1781, dated 
Camp Highlands. 

Bennit, Nehemiah. Private, Capt. Joseph Raymond's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1*77; discharged Nov. 21, 1777; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Clav- 
erack ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Bexxit, Robert. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co.. Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Aug. 20, 1777; service, 7 days, 
in Northern department ; roll dated Hancock ; also, pay roll for service from July 
1 to July 31, 1780, 1 mo., in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Bennit, Roland, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug". 1, 177.5; enlisted July 12, 1775; service, 2 
weeks 6 days; also, Capt. John K. Smith's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late Wig- 
glesworth's) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 1, 
1777, to Dec. 31, 1779 ; also, Capt. Nathaniel Alexander's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's 
regt. : muster roll for May, 1778, dated Camp Valley Forge ; also, muster roll for 
June, 1778, dated Camp near White Plains ; also, pay abstract for Oct., 1778 ; also, 
Maj. John Porter's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt., under command of Maj. Por- 
ter; muster roll for March and April, 1779, dated Providence; reported trans- 
ferred ; also, Capt. Smith's co.. Col. Wigglesworth's regt. ; muster roll for March 
and April, 1779 ; enlisted March 1, 1777 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported on furlough 
April 22, 1779; 7 days leave given by Gen. Glover. 

Bennit, Samuel. Private, Capt. Benson's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; Con- 
tinental Army pay accounts for service from May 24, 1777. to Jan. 11, 1778; cred- 
ited to town of Middleborough; reported died Jan. 11, 1778; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bexnit, Thomas, Dartmouth. Private, Capt. Kempton's co., Col. Danielson's regt. ; 
company return dated Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bexxit, William, East Hoosac (Adams). Private, Capt. Sloan's co.. Col. Patterson's 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bexxit, William. Private, Capt. David Wheeler's co. ; pay roll for 6 days service in 
Aug., 1777 ; marched from Lanesborough to Meloomscuyck on an alarm. 

Bexxit, Williaji. Private, Capt. Sylvanus Rice's co., Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt.; 
enlisted Oct. 24, 1779; discharged Nov. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 5 days, at Clav- 
erack. 

Bexxitt, , Boston. Drummer, Capt. Edward Crafts's co., Col. Henry Knox's 

(Artillery) regt. ; pay roll for mileage dated Fishkill, Jan. 10, 1777. 

Bexxitt, 'Axdrew. Capt. Warren's co.. Col. Ephraim Wheelock's regt.; discharged 
Nov. 11, 1776 [service not given]. 

Bexxitt, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Job Shattuck's co., Col. John Robinson's regt.; 
pay roll for 8 days service dated Cambridge, March, 1776. 

Bexxitt, David, Shrewslrary. Private, Capt. Cushing's co., Col. Ward's regt. ; com- 
pany return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775. 



966 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bennitt, David, Lancaster. Private, Capt. John White's co., Col. Job Cushing's regt. ; 
enlisted July 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 8 daj-s, on an alarm at Bennington. 

Bexnitt, Elkaxah. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Wood's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. G, 1778; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1778 ; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmoutli. Roll dated 
Middleborough. 

Benxitt, George. Private, Capt. Amos Porter's co.. Col. David Rossiter's regt. ; 
enlisted Oct. 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; service, 4 days, on an alarm in 
Berkshire. 

Bexxitt, Isaac, Stockl)ridge. Corporal, Capt. Jol) Woodbridge's co.. Col. Brown's 
regt. ; enlisted July 8, 1777 ; discharged July 26, 1777 ; service, 19 days ; comiiaiiy 
formed part of detachment under Maj. Caleb Hyde which marched from Stock- 
l)ridge on the evacuation of Ticonderog^i ; also, Sergeant, Capt. Ezra Whittelsey's 
CO., 3d Berkshire Co. regt.; enlisted Nov. 5, 1780; service, 2 days, on an alarm 
at the Northward. 

Bexxitt, James. Corporal; list of men in the Reading training band under Capt. 
John Walton, taken Maj- 13, 1775. 

Bexxitt, James. Capt. Joshua Parker's^co., Col. Robinson's regt.; enlisted July 5, 
1777; roll made up to Jan. 1, 1778; service, .") mos. 26 days. 

Bexxitt, James, Woburn. List of men enlisted into Continental Army [year not 
given] ; residence, Woburn; enlisted for town of Woburn. 

Bexxitt, Johx, Middleborough. Private, Lieut. Consider Benson's (oth Middle- 
borough) CO.; marched to Rowland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; 
service, 4 days. 

Bexxitt, Joseph, Lancaster. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Daniel Goss's co., 2d Worcester Co. regt., dated Feb. 18, 1778; residence, 
Lancaster ; enlisted for town of Lancaster ; joined Capt. Bryant's co.. Col. Crane's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bexxitt, Josiah. Private, Capt. Greenleaf's co.. Col. Wliitney's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 
22, 1777; discharged Aug. 26, 1777; service, 4 days, on an alarm. 

Bexxitt, Samtel, Lancaster. Corporal, Capt. Bedding's co.. Col. Bradford's regt.; 
Continental Army ]jay accounts for service from Jan. 31, 1777, to Dec. 1, 1778; 
enlisted Jan. 31, 1777; joined April 22, 1777; discharged Dec. 1, 1778. 

Bexxitt, Sylvaxvs. Private, Capt. Abner Bourn's co., Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; 
marclied Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at 
Rhode Island. Roll dated Middleborough. 

Bexxitt, Thomas, Shirley. Capt. Robert Longley's co., Col. Asa Whitcoml)'s regt. ; 
return for cartridge l)oxes dated Camljridge, June 18, 1775; also, Sergeant; mus- 
ter roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted April 26, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 13 days ; also, 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Charlestown, Dec. 21, 
1775. 

Bexxitt, Thomas, Lancaster. Capt. Andrew Haskell's co., Col. Thomas Marsliall's 
regt.; order for advance pay, etc., dated Hull, July 15, 1776; also, pay rolls for 
service from Aug. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 4 mos. 2 days. 

Bexxitt, Thomas. Private, Capt. Greenleaf's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; pay 
roll for service from Aug. 22, 1777, to Aug. 28, 1777, 6 days, on an alarm. 

Bennok, Johx, Abington. Private, Capt. Edward Cobb's co. ; marched from Abington 
and Bridgewater to Bristol, R. I. ; service, 2 mos. 5 days [probably from April 21, 
1777J ; endorsed '• Col. Titcomb's regt." 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 967 

Bennor, John. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, Muster 
Master, dated July 26, 1777; Capt. Cole's co.. Col. Robinson's regt. ; enlistment 
to expire Jan. 1, 1778; also. Private, Capt. Joseph Cole's CO., Col. Robinson's 
regt.; pay roll for service from July 8, 1777, to Jan. 1, 1778, 5 mos. 23 days, at 
Rhode Island. 

Bkxnt, Samuei.. Capt. Joshua Benson's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; order for 
l)ounty coat or its equivalent in nione.v, dated Roxbury, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Benxy, Thomas. Surgeon, Col. Sprout's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Aug. 31, 1777; reported discharged Aug. 31, 1777. 

Bexoit, . [This name also appears under the form of Berioit.] 

Benoit, Joseph. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Col. Ebenezer 
Tha.ver, Jr.'s (5th Suffolk Co.) regt., dated Braintree, Jan. 20, 1778; enlisted for 
town of Braintree; joined Capt. Langdon's co., Col. Crane's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years ; reported a transient ; mustered by Nathaniel Barl>er, Muster Master. 

Bexot, Bethel. Capt. Murray's co.. Col. Woodbridge's regt.; receipt for advance 
pay dated Cambridge, June 29, 1775. 

Benrick, . [This name also appears under the form of Bennerick.] 

Benrick, Casey. Landsman, sloop " Providence ; " list of men entitled to prize shares 
in the ship " Alexander," captured Sept. 20, 1777. 

Benrick, John B., Boston. Private, Capt. William North's (1st) co., Col. Henry 
Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 4, 

1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; reported deserted June 29, 1779; returned Sept. 3, 1779; 
also, Capt. Ezra Lunt's co., Col. David Henley's regt. ; pay rolls for April and May, 

1778, dated Providence; also, Capt. Lemuel Trescott's co., Col. Henley's regt.; 
pay roll for Nov., 1778; also, Capt. "William North's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; 
nmster roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; reported on command at Newtown; 
also, return dated Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; enlisted March 14, 1777; 
also, descriptive list of enlisted men dated Huts, West Point, Jan. 28, 1781 ; age, 
22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, baker; 
residence, Boston; rank. Private ; enlisted March 4, 1778 ; joined Capt. North's 
CO., Col. Henry Jackson's (also given 9th) regt. ; enlistment, during war ; mus- 
tered by Lieut. Sayle ; reported a Frenchman. 

Benslet, David. Private, Capt. Ezra Whipple's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; enlisted Oct. 13, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 22, 1780 ; service, 9 days ; 
marched to Castleton by order of Gen. Fellows, on an alarm. 

Benson, . [This name also appears under the form of Banson, Benison, Binson, 

Bonson.] 

Benson, , Rhode Island. Volunteer, ship " Deane," commanded by Capt. Elisha 

Hinraan ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Dec. 9, 1780; age, 20 yrs.; 
complexion, light; residence, Rhode Island. 

Benson, Aaron. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Martin's co.. Col. Ezra Wood's regt., Maj. 
Gen. Spencer's brigade; marched April 17, 1777; service, 23 days ; roll sworn to 
at Boston; also, Capt. Job Knap's co.. Col. Job Cushing's regt.; marched Aug. 
17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days, at the Northward. 

Benson, Aaron, Douglas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wallis's co.. Col. Arnold's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 8 days; also, Capt. 
Edward Seagrave's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 8 days; also, company return dated 
Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Dec. 21, 1775; also, Capt. Job Knap's co., Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; en- 
listed July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 1. 1780; service, 7 days; marched to Tiv- 
erton, R. I., on the alarm of July 27, 1780. 



968 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Benson, Aaron. Captain, Col. Tyler's (3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned Sept. 19, 1780. 

Benson, Abel, Framiniiham. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Middlesex Co., 
agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 1780; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, o ft. 2 in. ; complexion, 
yellow; hair, black ; eyes, black; occupation, farmer; residence, Framingham; 
enlisted March 12, 1781 ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported a negro. 

Benson, Abner, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d Mendon) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 177."), to Roxbury ; service, 10 daj'S. 

Benson, Aquilla, Rochester (also given Middleborough). Private, Capt. Thomas 
Turner's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., dated 
Boston, June 22, 1776; also, order for advance pay dated Camp at Hull, June 29, 
1776; also, pay rolls for service from date of enlistment, June 10, 1776, to Dec. 1, 

1776, 5 mos. 28 days ; also, Capt. Samuel Briggs's (3d Rochester) co., Col. Sprout's 
regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 15 days; 
also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Samuel Briggs's 
(also given Capt. Nehemiah Allen's) co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's (4th Plymouth 
Co.) regt., dated Jan. IT), 1778; residence, Rochester (also given Middleborough) ; 
enlisted for town of Rochester (also given Middleborough) ; joined Capt. Wads- 
worth's CO., Col. Bradford's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Capt. Joseph 
Wadsworth's (2il) co.. Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from March 12, 1777, to July 7, 1777 ; reported killed ; also 
reported prisoner of war; also, pay roll for 58 days subsistence from date of en- 
listment, March 12, 1777, dated Boston. 

Benson, Aquilla, Middleborough. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James 
Hatch, Muster Master, between March 5 and March 22, 1777 ; Capt. Joseph Tup- 
per's CO., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; age, 19 yrs. ; residence, Middleborough ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Benson, Asa, Middleborough. Private, Capt. William Shaw's (1st) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1773, to Marshfield ; service, 3 days ; also, Capt. Joshua 
Benson's co., Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted Ma}' 7, 1775 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 
1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, 
Nov. 11, 1775; also, Lieut. Consider Benson's (5th Middleljorough) co. ; marched 
to Howland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 177G; service, 5 days. 

Benson, Asa. Private, Capt. Perez Churchell's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 6 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. 

Benson, Benjamin, Plympton. Private, Capt. William Attwood's co.. Col. Warren's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; service, 2 days. 

Benson, Benjamin. List of men mustered in Plymouth Co. by James Hatch, Muster 
Master, as returned between Sept. 10 and Sept. 15, 1777 ; Capt. Sparrow's co.. 
Col. Keyes's regt.; also. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co., Col. Danforth 
Keyes's regt.; enlisted Aug. 28, 1777; roll made up to Dec. 31, 1777; service, 4 
mos. 3 days, at Rhode Island ; roll dated Providence ; also, muster roll for Nov., 

1777, dated North Kingston ; also, muster roll made up from Dec. 1, 1777, dated 
Providence ; discharged Jan. 2, 1778 ; service, 1 mo. 2 days ; enlistment, 6 months, 
to expire Jan. 1, 1778. 

Benson, Benjamin. Private, Capt. David Nye's (2d Wareham) co.. Col. Sprout's 
regt. ; return of men in service for 7 da.ys at Dartmouth on the alarm of Sept. 
5, 1778. 

Benson, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Caleb Whiting's co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt. ; 
enlisted July 30, 1778; discharged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Rhode Island. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 969 

Bexsox, Ben'jasiiv. Private, Capt. Charles Dibljcl's co., Col. Rossiter's (3d Berkshire 

Co.) regt. ; inarched Oct. IS, 17<S0, on an alarm; discharged Oct. 21, 1780; service, 
4 days. 

Bexson, Bexjamin. Private, Capt. John Gibbs's co., Col. John Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 mos. 6 days, at Rhode Island; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated 
Wareham. 

Bexsox, Bexoxi, Mendon. Lieutenant, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d Mendon) co., 
whicli marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 10 days. 

Bexson, Bexoxi. Corporal, Capt. John Tyler's co. ; list of men who joined Col. Joseph 
Read's regt. [probably Dec. 10, 1775] . 

Bexsox, Bexoxi. Sergeant, Capt. Peter Penniman's co.. Col. Woods's regt. ; pay roll 
for service from April 18, 1777, to May 7, 1777, 21 days, at Rhode Island. 

Bexsox, Bexoxi. Sergeant, Capt. B. Read's co., commanded by Lieut. John Benson, 
Col. Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged 
Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bexsox, Bexoxi, Jr., Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d Mendon) co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 6 days. 

Bexsox, Caleb, Jr. Private, Capt. Perez Churchell's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; 
enlisted May 6, 1778 ; discharged Maj' 9, 1778 ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged 
Sept. 13, 1778; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth. 

Bexsox, Coxsider, Middleborough. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Perez Churchill's (9th) co., 
4th Plymouth Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned Maj' 9, 
1776 ; also, 1st Lieutenant, acting as Captain of 5th Middleborough co. ; marched 
to Howland's Ferry, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 5 days; also, 
Capt. Churchell's co.. Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt.; enlisted May 6, 1778; dis- 
charged May 9, 1778 ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 13, 1778 ; service, 
9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth. 

Bexsox, Daxiel, Douglas. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 19 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, light; residence, Douglas; arrived at Spring- 
field July 12, 1780 ; inarched to camp July 12, 1780, under command of Ensign 
Gilbert ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned Ijy Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780 ; also, paj- roll for 6 months men raised by the town of Douglas for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 10, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 14, 1780; service, 5 mos. 14 days; also, Private, Capt. Japheth Daniels's 
CO., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) regt. ; pay abstracts for July-Dec, 1780 ; enlisted 
July 12, 1780 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Bensox, David. Private, Capt. Abr am Washburn's co.. Col. John Cushing's regt.; 
enlisted Sept. 20, 1776 ; service, 59^ daj-s, at Rhode Island ; stationed at Newport, 
R. I. Roll dated Bridgewater. 

Bexsox, David. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. Thomas Carpenter's regt. ; 
enlisted July 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 9, 1778; service, 1 mo. 16 days, at Rhode 
Island. 

Bexsox, David. Private, Capt. Enoch Chapin's co.. Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. ; enlisted 
July 15, 1778; discharged Dec. 31, 1778; service, 5 mos. 18 days, guarding stores 
at Springfield and Brooktield; company detached from Hampshire Co. militia; 
enlistment, 6 months, to expire Jan. 1, 1779; also, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co., Col. 
Elisha Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 
25, 1779; service, 1 mo. 9 days, at New London, Conn. Roll dated Belchertown. 



970 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benson, David. Private, Capt. Nathan Packard's co.. Col. J. Jacobs's regt. ; enlisted 
July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 3 mos. 9 days, at Rhode Island; 
enlistment, 3 months; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. 

Benson, Ebenezer, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. James Allen's co., Col. John Bai- 
ley's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 1, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
1 week, 1 day; also, Capt. Allen's co.. Gen. Thomas's regt.; company return 
dated Roxbury, Oct. 6, 1775; reported discharged Sept. 22, 1775. 

Benson, Ehenezer. Corporal, Capt. James Allen's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on tlie alarm of July 30, 17H0; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 11 days. 

Benson, Elk.vnah. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Dean's regt.; enlisted 
March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, U days, at Rhode Island. 

Benson, Elnathan, Plympton. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. George Hammond's co., 1st Plymoutli Co. regt., dated Feb. 23, 1778; resi- 
dence, Plympton ; enlisted for town of Plympton ; enlistment to expire May, 1778 ; 
reported "never marched or never called for." 

Benson, Francis. List of men returned as sick in hospital and elsewhere; entered 
March 27, 1778. 

Benson, Francis. Quartermaster, brigantine " Massachusetts," commanded by Capt. 
John Fisk; engaged Feb. 22, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; roll dated Salem; 
also, 2d Master's Mate, brigantine " Massachusetts ; " enlisted July 31, 1777 ; dis- 
cliarged Oct. Ifi, 1777 ; roll dated Boston ; also. Master's Mate, brigantine " Ty- 
rannicide," commanded by Capt. Jonathan Haraden; enlisted Oct. 15, 1777; 
discharged May 25, 1778; service, 7 mos. 10 days; also, petition dated Aug. 10, 
1782, signed by Henry Rust and others, asking that said Benson be commissioned 
as commander of the schooner " Dolphin " (privateer); ordered in Council, Aug. 
13, 1782, that a commission be issued. 

Benson, Henry. Sergeant, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; pay roll for 1 mo. 11 days service between Dec. 8, 1776, and Jan. 21, 1777, 
at Providence, R. I. 

Benson, Ichabod, Middleborough. Private, Capt. "William Shaw's (1st) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshtield ; service, 3 days ; also, 
Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 
1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 3 mos. 4 days; nZso, company return dated 
Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Rox- 
bury, Nov. 14, 1775. 

Benson, Ichabod. Private, Capt. Philip Ammidon's co.. Col. Dean's regt.; enlisted 
March 4, 1781 ; discharged March 18, 1781 ; service, 14 days, at Rliode Island. 

Benson, Ichabod, Mendon. Private, Capt. Reuben Davis's co., Col. Luke Drury's 
regt.; detached July 17, 1781; arrived at West Point Aug. 1, 1781; discharged 
Nov. 1, 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 22 days; enlistment, 3 months. 

Benson, Isaac, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Allen's co.. Col. Jeremiah 
Hall's regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 8, 177fi ; service, 3 mos. 2 days ; also, 
Capt. JoIj Peirce's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotten's (Plymouth Co.) regt. ; i)ay roll for 
Oct., 1777 ; service at Rhode Island ; also, descrijitive list of men enlisted from 
Plymouth Co. for the term of 9 months from tlie time of their arrival at Fislikill, 
July 8, 1778; Capt. Churchill's co., Col. Sprout's regt.; age, 21 yrs. ; stature, 6 
ft.; com])lexion, light; residence, Middleborough; aZso, list of men returned as 
received Ijy Brig. Gen. J. Glover of Jonathan Warner, Commissioner, dated Fort 
Arnold, July 10, 1778. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 971 

Bexsox, Isaac. Private, Capt. Perez Churcliill's co., Col. El)enezer Sprout's re^.; 
enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; service, 3 days, on an alarm at 
Dartmouth. 

Bexson% Jabez. Private, Capt. David Nye's (14th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island Dec. 10, 1776, on an alarm ; service, 9 days ; also, 
Capt. Nye's (2d Wareliam) co.. Col. Sprout's regt. ; return of men in service for 
7 days at Dartmouth on the alarm of Sept. 5, 1778; also, Capt. Nye's co., Lieut. 
Col. "White's (4th Plymouth Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 
1780 ; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll sworn to at Wareham. 

Bensox, Jacob, Freetown. Private, Capt. Levi Rounsewell's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. Rounsevel's co., Col. 
David Brewer's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted May 5, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 3 mos. 4 days; also, company return dated Roxbury, Oct. 7, 1775; also, 
Capt. Rounsevell's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's (late Brewer's) regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Nov. 8, 1775. 

Bexson, Jephthah, Plympton. Private, Capt. Joshua Eddy's co., Col. Gamaliel Brad- 
ford's (12th) regt. ; muster roll for July, 1778, dated White Plains; enlisted March 
1, 1778; enlistment, 8 months; mustered by James Hatch, Muster Master; re- 
ported sick at Peekskill. 

Bexsox, Jephthah, New Gloucester. Private, Capt. Nathan Merrill's co. ; enlisted 
July 8, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779; service, 2 mos. 17 days; company de- 
tached from militia of Cumberland Co. for service at Penobscot under Col. Jona- 
than Mitchell. 

Bexsox, Johx, Mendon. Private, Capt. Joseph Daniels's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury; service, 10 days. 

Bexsox, Johx, Middleborough. Sergeant, Capt. Isaac Woods's (2d) co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marslitield ; service, 3 days ; also. Private, Capt. 
Nehemiah Allen's co., Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; marched to Bristol, R. I., Dec. 
8, 1776; service, 3 mos. 2 days; also, Capt. Job Peirce's co., Col. Theophilus 
Cotten's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; pay roll for Oct., 1777; service at Rhode Island; 
also, Capt. Abishai Tinkham's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; enlisted May 6, 
1778 ; discharged May 9, 1778 ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778 ; discharged Sept. 12, 1778 ; 
service, 9 days ; marched from Middleborough to Dartmouth on two alarms. 

Bexsox, Johx, Biddeford. Private, Capt. Samuel Leighton's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to Dorchester, Aug., 1770 ; also, 
receipts for wages for Aug.-Nov., 1776, dated Dorchester; also. Corporal; pay 
roll for 6 days travel allowance from Dorchester Heights home [year not given] . 

Bexsox, Johx. Corporal, Capt. Peter Penniman's co., Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler's 
regt.; pay roll for service from Dec. 8, 1776, to Jan. 21, 1777, 1 mo. 15 days, at 
Providence, R. I. ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Benjamin Read's (6th) co., Col. 
Tyler's (3d Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned 
Aug. 27, 1779; also, acting Captain, Capt. Read's co., Col. Tyler's regt.; enlisted 
July 27, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 8, 1780 ; service, 16 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Bexsox, Johx, Rochester (also given Freetown). Return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Jabez Cottle's (4th) co., 4th Plymouth Co. regt., dated 
Feb. 19, 1778 ; residence, Rochester ; enlisted for town of Rochester ; joined Capt. 
Amasa Soper's co. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported enlisted for Freetown and 
Dartmouth contrary to Act of General Court before Rochester had raised its 
quota; also. Private, Major's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt.; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. 14, 1779 ; reported 
discharged Dec. 14, 1779; also, Capt. Soper's (4th) co.. Col. Marshall's regt.; re- 
turn for clothing for 1778; also, muster roll dated West Point, Feb. 1, 1779; en- 
listed Dec. 14, 1776. 



972 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benson, John (residence illegible, probably Taunton). Private, Capt. Daniel Drake's 
CO., Col. Luke Drurv's (Bristol Co.) regt. ; enlisted Aug. 30, 1781 ; arrived in 
camp Sept. 9, 1781 ; discharged Dec. 6, 1781 ; arrived home Dec. 16, 1781 ; service, 
3 mos. 17 days; marched to North River. 

Benson, Jonah. Private, Capt. James Allen's co., Maj. Eliphalet Carey's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 30, 1780 ; discharged Aug. 9, 1780 ; 
service, 11 days. 

Benson, Jonathan, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Nathan Mitchell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 days; also, Capt. Elisha Mitchell's co.. 
Col. Simeon Cary's regt. ; pay roll for 6 days service from time of enlistment to 
time of marching, dated April 2, 1776. 

Benson, Jonathan, Marblehead. Capt. Francis Felton's co.; receipt for advance pay 
for 1 mo., dated Marblehead, Sept. 26, 1775 ; also, Private, Capt. Felton's co. ; pay 
roll for service from Oct. 31, 1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days; also, pa\' rolls 
for service from date of enlistment, Jan. 4, 1776, to Nov. 15, 1776, 10 mos. 13 days. 

Benson, Joseph, Scituate. Sergeant, Capt. William Turner's (3d) co., Col. Anthony 
Thomas's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 4 daj's. 

Benson, Joseph, Salem. Private, Capt. Micajah Gleason's co.. Col. John Nixon's 
(5th) regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted June 15, 1775; service, 1 mo. 
18 days; also, company return dated Sept. 30, 1775; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 22, 1775; also, list of men who deliver fire- 
locks, dated Feb. 3, 1776 [name crossed out on list] ; also, receipt for wages for 
Oct., 1776, dated Camp Winter Hill. 

Benson, Joseph. Private, Capt. Thomas Collomer's co.. Col. John Cushing's (Plym- 
outh Co.) regt.; marched to Bristol, R. I., on the alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 
11 days. Roll dated Scituate. 

Benson, Joshua, Jr., Middleborough. Lieutenant, Cai)t. William Shaw's (1st) co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield; service, 3 days; 
also, Captain, Col. Theophilus Cotton's (Plymouth Co.) regt.; return of men sta- 
tioned at Roxbury ; commissioned May 26, 1775 ; also, return for provisions dated 
Roxbury, June 5, 1775; also, muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 
1775; service, 3 mos. 7 daj^s; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775; also, 5th 
Mass. regt. ; list of settlements of rank of Continental officers made at West Point 
by a Board held for the purpose and confirmed by Congress Sept. 6, 1779; com- 
missioned Jan. 1, 1777 ; also, Col. Rufus Putnam's (4th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Dec. j31, 1780; also. Light Infantry 
CO., Col. Putnam's (5th) regt. ; muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated Garrison at West 
Point; reported sick at Fishkill; also, muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 
1781, dated Garrison at West Point; reported on command with Marquis de 
Lafayette in Ai)ril, 1781; also, weekly returns of officers from May 4, 1781, to 
June 15, 1781, dated West Point; reported on command with light infantry; also. 
Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; returns of officers dated Camp Philadelphia, Juh' 
18 and July 25, 1783; reported on command at F,lk Head by order of Gen. Howe ; 
also reported on furlough at Head of Elk by leave of Gen. Howe; also, returns 
of absent officers dated Aug. 15 and Aug. 22, 1783 ; reported attending court- 
martial. 

Benson, Moses, Douglas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Wallis's co.. Col. Arnold's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days; also. Corporal, 
Capt. Edward Seagrave's co.. Col. Joseph Read's (20th) regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 15, 1775; service, 2 mos. 22 days; also, company re- 
turn dated Sept. 25, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monejs 
dated Camp at Roxbury, Dec. 29, 1775. 



IN THE WAR OF TIIK KEVOIA'TlOX. 973 

Benson, Moses. Private, Capt. Isaac Martin's co., Col. Ezra Wood's regt., commanded 

by Lieut. Col. Nathan Tyler; marched to Khode Island on the alarm of Dec. 8, 
1776 ; service, 6 days. 

Benson, Noah, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Josiah Ilayden's co., Col. Bailey's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 15 days ; also, Capt. John 
Porter's co.. Col. Paul Dudley Sargent's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted July 7, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. 3 days ; also, company return dated Camp at 
Boston, Oct. 6, 1775 ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated 
Cambridge, Nov. 20, 1775. 

Benson, Noah. Private, Capt. Nathan Ilarwood's co., Col. John Dickinson's regt.; 
enlisted July 19, 1777; discharged July 31, 1777; service, 15 da,vs; marched to 
Manchester to join forces under Col. Warner on an alarm. Roll dated Chesterfield. 

Benson, Peter, Douglas. Private, Capt. Joseph Sibley's co., Col. Danforth Keyes's 
regt. ; enlisted July 29, 1777 ; enlistment, 6 months ; roll dated Providence, Dec. 
22, 1777; also, payroll for Aug., 1777, dated North Kingston ; also, return of men 
in service at North Kingston, Dec. 8, 1777, dated Sturbridge; also, Capt. Samuel 
Lamb's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; enlisted June 22, 1778; service, 3 mos. 
24r days; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779; reported discharged Oct. 15, 1778; 
also, Capt. Samuel Hamant's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; muster roll dated Middleton, 
Aug. 27, 1778 ; also, Capt. Laml)'s co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; muster roll made up to 
Sept. 17, 1778, dated East Greenwich ; reported deserted Sept. 1, 1778 ; also, return 
of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Martin's co., Col. Wood's regt. 
[j-ear not given] ; residence, Douglas ; enlisted for town of Douglas ; also, list of 
men mustered in Worcester Co. July 29, 1779, by Thomas Newhall, Muster 
Master, for service at Rhode Island ; Capt. Martin's co.. Col. Tyler's regt. ; enlist- 
ment to expire Jan. 1, 1780; residence, Douglas; also, Capt. Thomas Fish's co., 
Col. Nathan Tyler's regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1779; discharged Dec. 25, 1779; ser- 
vice, 4 mos. 13 days, at Rhode Island; also, Capt. Fish's co., Col. Tyler's regt.; 
pay roll for service from Nov. 30, 1779, to Jan. 1, 1780, 1 mo. 3 days, at Rhode 
Island; also, Capt. Job Knap's co., Col. Tyler's regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; 
discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days; marched to Tiverton, R. I., on the 
alarm of July 27, 1780. 

Benson, Richard. Seaman, brig "Nancy;" list of men on board the guard ship 
"Rising Empire," commanded by Capt. William McCluer; reported willing to 
join the Continental frigate " Boston," commanded b.v Capt. Hector McNeill 
[year not given] . 

Benson, Robert. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; marched Jan. 22, 1776; dis- 
charged April 2, 1776; service, 2 mos. 11 days, at Falmouth. 

Benson, Robert, Salem. Descriptive list of officers and crew of the ship " Jack," 
commanded by Capt. Nathan Brown, dated July 1, 1780; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 

5 ft.; complexion, light; residence, Salem. 

Benson, Roland (also given Rowland), Middleborough. Private, Lieut. Consider 
Benson's (5th Middleborough) co. ; marched to Howland's Ferry, It. I., on the 
alarm of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 5 days; also, Capt. Perez Churchell's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; discharged Sept. 13, 1778; service, 

6 days, on an alarm at Dartmouth. 

Benson, Sampson. Superintendent of pastures. Quartermaster General's department 
at Fishkill ; return of men in ser\ice Oct. 14, 1781. 

Benson, Samuel, Kittery. Private, Capt. Tobias Fernald's co.. Col. James Scam- 
mon's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 2, 1775; service, 1 mo. 
1 day ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Oct. 30, 1775. 



974 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Benson, Samiel, Biddeford. List of men mustered in York Co. 1\v Nathaniel Wells, 
Muster Master, dated June 7, 1777 ; Cai)t. Jeremiah Hill's cc, Brig. Patterson's 
regt. ; residence, Biddeford; enlistment to expire Jan. 10 [year not given]. 

Benson, S.\muel. Private, Capt. Edward Sparrow's co.. Col. John Jacobs's regt.; 
enlisted July 23, 1780; discharged Oct. 27, 1780; service, 3 nios. 5 days; enlist- 
ment, 3 months; company detached to reinforce Continental Army. Roll sworn 
to at Middleborough. 

Benson, Seth, Belchertown (also given Greenwich). Private, Capt. Oliver Lyman's 
CO., Col. Dike's regt. ; return for travel allowance, etc., granted in Council, Sept. 
P2, 177G; also, pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776; 
also, Capt. John Tliompson's co.. Col. Leonard's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted 
May 7, 1777 ; discharged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 10 days ; comjiany marched 
to reinforce Northern army ; also. Corporal, Capt. Elijah Dwight's co., Col. Elisha 
Porter's (Hampshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 21, 1779; discharged Aug. 25, 1779; 
service, 1 mo. 9 days, at New London, Conn.; also, descriptive list of enlisted 
men; Capt. Hooker's co.. Col. Elisha Porter's (4th) regt.; age, 27 yrs.; stature, 
5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; residence, Greenwich; mustered Juh- 28, 1780; 
enlistment, 3 months; also, Capt. Job Alvord's co.. Col. S. Murray's (Hampshire 
Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 10, 1780 ; service, 2 mos. 26 
days; enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Benson, Stephen, Mendon. Corporal, Capt. Joseph Daniels's (3d Mendon) co., which 
marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Roxbury ; service, 10 days. 

Benson, Stephen. Private, Capt. B. Read's co., commanded l)y Lieut. John Benson, 
Col. Nathan Tyler's (Worcester Co.) regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discliurged 
Aug. 8, 1780; service, 15 days, on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Benson, Thomas. Lieutenant; list of prisoners brought to Marblehead in tlie cartel 
" Pacific," to be exchanged for British prisoners [year not given], as returned by 
Thomas Stone, Commissary; taken from the schooner " General Gates " (priva- 
teer) by the British brig " Hope." 

Benson, Thomas. Petition dated Salem, Oct. 7, 1777, signed by Samuel Page in behalf 
of himself and Walter P. Bartlet of Salem, asking that said Benson be commis- 
sioned as commander of the schooner " Lively " (privateer) ; ordered in Council 
Oct. 7, 1777, that a commission be issued; also, 1st Lieutenant, ship "Two 
Brothers" (privateer) ; petition signed by Henry Rust asking that John Rust be 
commissioned as commander of said ship; ordered in Council, Dec. 16, 1779, that 
a commission be issued; n/so, petition dated Boston, Aug. 16, 1781, signed by 
Henry Rust, in l)ehalf of John Fisk and otliers of Salem, asking that said Benson 
be commissioned as commander of the ship " Hendrick" (privateer) ; ordered in 
Council, Aug. 20, 1781, that a commission be issued ; also, petition dated March 4, 
1783, signed b}' Jonathan Haraden and others, asking that said Benson l)e com- 
missioned as commander of the ship" Julius Ciesar;" ordered in Council, March 
4, 1783, that a commission be issued. 

Bent, . [This name also appears under the form of Bant, Bont.] 

Bent, Benjamin, Brooktield. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's co. of volunteers ; marched 
from Brooklield Sept. 23, 1777, to join Gen. Gates's army; service, 13 days. 

Bent, David, Rutland. Captain, Col. Nath. Sparhawk's regt., which marched April 
20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Caml)ridge; service, 
6 days ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Bowker's co.. Col. Whitney's regt. ; list of 
officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned Feb. 5, 1776 ; company raised in Rutland, 
Hutchinson, Athol, Petersham, Temjileton and Hubbardston; also, Captain, 
5th CO., Col. Sparhawk's (7th Worcester Co.) regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; 
commissioned April 6, 1776; also, Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; pay roll for 11 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 975 



Bent, David, continued. 

da.vs service ; marched from Rutland to Bennington Aug. 20, 1777, on an alarm ; 
also, Col. Job Cushin's regt. ; enlisted Aug. 31, 1777; discharged Nov. 29, 1777; 
service, 3 mos. 10 days, at the Northward; also, pay abstract for service in the 
Northern department dated Scarsdeal, Nov. 30, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for rations 
from Oct. 13, 1777, to Dec. 9, 1777 ; also, resignation dated Rutland, March 13, 
1780, signed by said Bent, resigning his position as Captain of 5th co., Col. 
Jonathan Grout's (7th Worcester Co.) regt. ; accepted in Council April 5, 1780. 

Bent, David. Private, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 12, 1781; discharged Oct. 23, 1781; service, 11 days; marched to Barnes 
Heaths in Stillwater on an alarm. 

Bent, Ebenezer, MiUon. Private; pay roll for 3 days service between April 13 and 
April 26, 1776, in defence of sea coast. 

Bent, Francis, Middleborough. Fifer, Capt. Joshua Benson's co.. Col. Theophilus 
Cotton's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 5, 1775; service, 
3 mos. 4 days ; also, company return dated Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, Lieut. Jonah Wash- 
burn's CO., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm 
of Dec. 8, 1776; service, 5 days; also. Private, Capt. Nehemiah Allen's co., Col. 
Cotton's regt.; service, 31 daj's, on a secret expedition to Rhode Island in Sept. 
and Oct., 1777; also, Fifer, Capt. Nathaniel AVood's co., Col. Ebenezer Sprout's 
regt.; enlisted May 6, 1778; discharged May 9, 1778; enlisted Sept. 6, 1778; dis- 
charged Sept. 12, 1778; service, 9 days, on two alarms at Dartmouth; also, Capt. 
Jonah Washburn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt.; marched to Rhode Island 
Aug. 1, 1780, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days. 

Bent, Gideon, New Ashford. Captain, 22d co., 2d Berkshire Co. regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia; commissioned June 1, 1776. 

Bent, Jabez, Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Brigham's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; ser- 
vice, 6 days. 

Bent, Jacob, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Asa Danforth's co. of volunteers ; marched 
from Brookfield Sept. 23, 1777, to join Gen. Gates's army ; service, 22 days, 
[See Jacob Kent.] 

Bent, Jason, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Isaac Locker's co., Col. James Brett's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 3 days. 

Bent, Joel, Hutchinson (Barre). Private, Capt. John Black's co., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 11 days. 

Bent, John, Framingham. Capt. Jesse Eanles's co., Col. Samuel Bullard's (5th 
Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of men dated June 1, 1776. 

Bent, John, Framingham. Capt. Simon Edgel's co.. Col. Wylly's regt. ; pay abstract 
for travel to and from camp, dated Jan. 14, 1776; stationed at Roxbury. 

Bent, John, Milton. Private, Capt. Oliver Vose's co.. Col. Robertson's regt.; pay 
roll for 15 days service ; marched to Roxbury after Concord fight and there did 
service before formation of standing army ; also, Capt. John Bradley's co., Col. 
Benjamin Gill's regt. ; enlisted March 4, 1776; service, 5 days; marched to Dor- 
chester Neck when the forts were erected on the Heights ; also, Capt. Josiah 
Vose's CO.; pay roll for 3 days service between April 13 and April 26, 1776, in de- 
fence of sea coast. 

Bent, John. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Eames'a co., Col. Benjamin Hawes's regt.; 
marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 29, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 
3 davs. 



976 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bent, John. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Nathan Drnry's (6tb) co., 5th Middlesex Co. regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; coinniissioned July 22, 1779; also, Capt. Drury's 
CO., Col. Abner Perry's regt. ; enlisted July 2iS, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; 
service, 14 daj's, on an alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Framingham. 

Bent, Johx. Private, Capt. Jonah Washburn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt.; 
marched to Rhode Island Aug. 1, 1780, on an alarm; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days. 

Bent, Jonathan, Sudbury (West Parish). Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's co.. Col. 
James Barrett's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 
1 day ; also, Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt. ; marched 
Feb. 4, 1776; service, 1 mo. 28 days; also, Capt. Wheeler's co., Col. Joseph 
Read's regt. ; return of men in service at Roxljury [possil)ly in 1776] ; also, Capt. 
Caleb Brooks's co.. Col. Nicholas Dike's regt.; pay abstract for mileage, etc., 
dated Boston, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Bent, Josiah, Framingham. Petition dated Camp at Cambridge, June 5, 1775, pre- 
sented to Gen. Ward, signed by said Bent and others in Capt. Drury's co.. Col. 
Nixon's regt., who were changed to Col. Gardner's regt., asking to l)e returned 
to Col. Nixon's regt.; also, Private, Capt. Thomas Drury's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 5 
days; also, company return dated Winter Hill, Sept. 30, 1775; also, Capt. Jesse 
Eames's co.,Col. Samuel Bullard's (5th Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of men dated 
June 1, 1776; also. Corporal, Cai)t. Aaron Gardner's co.. Col. Brooks's regt.; 
return dated 1776; also. Sergeant, Capt. Nathan Drury's (6th) co.. Col. Abner 
Perry's regt. ; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, 
on an alarm at Rhode Island. 

Bent, Matthias, Framingham. 4th Sergeant, Capt. Simon Edgell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord and Cambridge ; service, 19 days ; also, 
Capt. Edgel's co.. Col. Wylly's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance to and 
from camp, dated Jan. 14, 1776 ; stationed at Roxlmry ; also, Capt. Jesse Eames's 
CO., Col. Samuel Bullard's (5th Middlesex Co.) regt.; list of men dated June 1, 
1776. 

Bent, Matthias, Jr. Private, Capt. Nathan Drury's (6th) co.. Col. Abner Perry's 
regt.; enlisted July 28, 1780; discharged Aug. 7, 1780; service, 14 days, on an 
alarm at Rhode Island. Roll dated Framingham. 

Bent, Nathan, Sudbury. Fifer, Capt. Thaddeus Russell's co.. Col. Jonathan Brewer's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 
week, 5 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Prosjject Hill, Nov. 13, 1775; also, Capt. 
Daniel Whiting's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; muster roll dated Camp at 
Ticonderoga, Nov. 27, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported on command with 
Gen. Lee; also, Capt. Thomas Brintnal's co.. Col. Cyprian Howe's regt.; enlisted 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Oct. 14, 1780; service 2 mos. 17 days, at Rhode Island; 
enlistment, 3 months; company raised to reinforce Continental Arm}-. 

Bent, Peter. Private; list of men returned as serving on jiicket guard under Maj. 
Baldwin, May 23, 1775. 

Bent, Peteu. Private; list of men returned as serving on picket guard under Major 
Baldwin, May 23, 1775. [This name appears twice ou roll.] 

Bent, Peter, Marlborough (also given Sudbury). Private, Capt. Daniel Barns's co., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 days; reported enlisted 
into the army April 26, 1775; also, Capt. Barns's co., Col. Jonathan Ward's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Ang. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 13 weeks 6 days; 
also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 977 

Bent, Peter, Needham. Private, Capt. Aaron Smith's (West Needham) co., Col. 
■\Villiain Mcintosh's regt. ; pay roll for 4 days service in Marcli, 1776, takinj: and 
fortifying Dorchestei; Heights. 

Bent, Peter, Rutland. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
David Bent's co. and Capt. Phineas Walker's co., dated Feb. 23, 1778; residence, 
Rutland; enlisted for town of Rutland; joined Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; also, Private, Colonel's co., Col. Thomas Nixon's (6th) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Feb. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 
1779; also, Capt. Adam Wheeler's co.. Col. Nixon's regt. ; return for clothing for 
1777 ; enlisted Feb. 14, 1777 ; also, return of men in service on or Ixjfore Aug, 
15, 1777, dated Soldier's Fortune, Feb. 15, 1779; also, Capt. Thomas Barnes's 
(Light Infantry) co., 6th regt.; pay abstract for June and July, 1779; reported 
transferred to Colonel's co. July 1, 1779 ; also, Colonel's co., commanded by Lieut. 
Benjamin Heywood, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay abstracts for June-Sept., 1779 ; also, 
Colonel's co., commanded b.v Lieut. Matthew Chambers, Col. Nixon's regt. ; pay 
abstracts for Nov. and Dec, 1779; also. Continental Army pay accounts for 1780 
[service not given] ; reported discharged, having hired a substitute. 

Bent, Prince. Private, Capt. Elijah Lewis's (3d) co., Col. Christopher Greene's (1st 
Rhode Island) regt. ; muster roll for June, 1778 ; also, muster rolls for Sept., 1778- 
Feb., 1779; enlisted March 12, 1778; reported on furlough in Dec, 1778; enlist- 
ment, during war ; also, muster rolls for March and April, 1779, dated East Green- 
wich; reported sick in quarters in March, 1779; also, muster rolls for July and 
Aug., 1779, dated East Greenwich; reported prisoner of war at Newport; also, 
muster roll for Oct., 1779, dated East Greenwich; also, muster rolls for Nov. and 
Dec, 1779, dated Newport. 

Bext, Rufus, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Isaac Locker's co.. Col. James Brett's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Concord ; service, 1 daj'. 

Bent, Rrrrs. Conductor, (late) Deputy Quartermaster General's department; enlisted 
Feb. 18,1778; discharged Sept. 23, 1780 ; service, 31 mos., at Boston; a /so, Wagon 
Master ; list of men stationed at Boston [year not given] . 

Bent, Samuel, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Cudworth's co.. Col. Abijah 
Peirce's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 1 mo. ; also, 
Capt. Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. John Robinson's regt.; marched Feb. 4, 1776 ; 
service, 26 days ; reported "enlisted out, March 1, 1776." 

Bent, Silas, Rutland. Private, Capt. Thomas Enstis's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 12 days; also, petition dated Oct. 
3, 1775, signed by Col. Ephraim Doolittle and field officers, recommending the 
appointment of said Bent as Ensign in Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt., 
to take the place of Adam Manor, who refused to accept the commission ; also. 
Ensign, Capt. Wheeler's co.. Col. Doolittle's regt. ; company return dated Winter 
Hill, Oct. 6, 1775; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Thomas Barnes's (5th) co.. Col. 
Nixon's (4th) regt. ; also, receipt for money for enlisting recruits dated Camp 
Mt. Washington, Sept. 27, 1776; also, return of men in service, Sept. and Oct., 
1776, dated North Castle; also, receipts for wages for Oct., Nov. and Dec, 1776. 

Bent, Stephen. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co.. Col. Asa Whitcomb's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; re- 
ported exchanged for Obadiah Gill, Aug. 1, 1776. 

Bent, Stephen. Private, Capt. John Oliver's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt. ; pay 
roll for 104 days service allowed in Council, Aug. 12, 1777; served in Jerseys 
3 mos. 

Bent, Stephen, Barre. Capt. Benjamin Nye's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 25, 1777; service, 10 days; marched 
to reinforce Continental Arniv under Gen. Stark at Bennington. 



978 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bent, Stephen, Sndbury. Private, Capt. Jacob Haskins's co., Col. John Jacobs's 
re£?t. ; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, 6 mos. 4 days, at Rhode IsUiiul; enlistment 
to expire Jan. 1, 1779. Roll dated Tiverton. 

Bent, Thomas, Framingham. Corporal, Capt. Jesse Emes's co., which marched on 
the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days ; also, Capt. Eames's co., Col. Samuel 
Bullard's (5th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of men dated June 1, 1776. 

Bent, Timothy. Private, Capt. Aaron Haynes's co., Col. Asa Whitcorab's regt.; 
muster roll dated Camp at Ticonderoga, Dec. 1, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; re- 
ported discharged Aug. 1, 1776. 

Bent, Timothy, Weston. Private, Capt. Edward Fuller's co., Col. Brooks's regt. ; 
return of men in service [probably in Oct., 1776]. 

Bent, Timothy, Lynn. Private, Capt. John AVilliams's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 
(4th) regt. ; muster return dated Albany, Fel). 9, 1778 ; residence, Lynn ; enlisted 
for town of Lynn; mustered by John Cushing, Esq.; reported deceased. 

Bent, Timothy, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Joseph Smith's CO., Col. James Barrett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Thaddeus Russell's co., Col. Jonathan Brewer's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 
1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 1 week, 5 days; also, company 
return [probaljly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 
money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Army from Capt. Moulton's co., Col. Ezekiel Howe's (4th) regt. [year not 
given] ; residence, Sudbury; enlisted for town of Sudbury; joined Capt. Morse's 
CO., Col. Putnam's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; mustered by Nathaniel Barl)er, 
Muster Master; also, Colonel's co., Col. Rufus Putnam's (5th) regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from March 15, 1777, to Dec. 1, 1777; reported 
died Dec. 1, 1777. 

Bent, Walter. B03-, sloop " Winthrop," commanded by Capt. George Little ; entered 
service March 18 [year not given] . 

Bent, William, Sudbury. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Smith's co.. Col. James Barrett's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 3 days; also, Capt. 
Asahel Wheeler's co.. Col. Joseph Read's regt. ; return of men in service at Rox- 
bury [possibly in 1776] ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Caleb Moulton's 9th (4th 
Sudbury) co., Col. Ezekiel How's (4th Middlesex Co.) regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia; commissioned July 5, 1776; also, Capt. Robert Cutting's (also 
given Capt. Robert Cushing's) 9th co., 4th Middlesex Co. regt. ; list of officers of 
Mass. militia ; commissioned Jan. 9, 1778. 

Bent, William, Stoughton. Private, Capt. Asahel Smith's co., Col. Lemuel Rol)in- 
son's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 9 days. 

Bent, William, Stoughton. Captain, Gen. Heath's regt.; list of officers dated Dor- 
chester Camp, May 20, 1775; also. Col. John Greaton's regt.; muster roll dated 
Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days ; also. Col. William 
Heath's (Suffolk Co.) regt. ; company return dated Fort No. 2, Oct. 5, 1775. 

Bent, William, Falmoutli. Capt. John Skillin's co., Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; 
return for subsistence from date of enlistment, Jan. 21, 1777, to time of arrival at 
Bennington, 59 days. 

Bent, William. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. John Homcs's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's (1st) 
regt. of guards; enlisted March 25, 1778; discharged July 3, 1778; enlistment, 
3 months, from April 2, 1778; company detached from Middlesex Co. militia. 

Bentelle, John, Swanzey. Private, Capt. Peleg Shearman's co., Col. John Hathaway's 
(Bristol Co.) regt.; pay roll for 23 days service between April 20, 1777, and May 
13, 1777, at Slade's Ferry, R. I., on an alarm. 



IN THE AVAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 979 



Bextely, John. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from May 13, 1777, to July 5, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days, at Rhode 
Island; marched from Point Judith, South Kingston, R. I., to Rehoboth. 

Bentex, Bezer. Corporal, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days, 
with Northern army. 

Bexten, Lowdex. Private, Capt. Abel Dinsmore's co.. Col. Ruggles Woodbridge's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 17, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 23 days, 
with Northern army. 

Bextford, William. Private, Capt. Robert Davis's co., Col. Freeman's regt. ; pay 
roll for 1 mo. 7 -days service sworn to in Suffolk Co., Dec. 4, 1777 ; company 
raised for secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Bextley, . [This name also appears under the form of Bantle, Bantley, Bentelle, 

Bentely, Bently, Benttley.] 

Bextley, . (Late) Capt. George King's co., Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berkshire 

Co.) regt. ; enlisted Dec. 16, 1776 ; discharged March 21, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 8 
days. 

Bextley, Arxold. Sergeant, Capt. Thomas Olney's co., Col. Jabez Bowen's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from May 21, 1777, to June 3, 1777, 14 days; reported served 
in 5th division of Col. Bowen's regt. under Capt. Jonathan Russell at Pawtuxet. 

Bextlet(?), Barxabas. Marine, brigantine "Hawk," commanded by Capt. Jona- 
than Oakes; engaged May 3, 1777; service, 1 mo., in the fleet under Commodore 
John Manley. 

Bextley, Bias. Private, Capt. Noah Lankton's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted April 26, 1777; discharged May 20, 1777; service, 25 days, at 
Saratoga, by order of Gen. Gates. 

Bextley, Elisha. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s 
(Berkshire Co.) regt.; pay roll for service from July 8 to July 21, 1777, 14 days; 
marched under Lieut. Joseph Wilson to reinforce Northern army by order of Maj. 
Gen. Schuyler; roll dated Tyringham; also, Capt. Noah Lankton's co.. Col. 
John Ashley's (1st Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1777; discharged Aug. 
14, 1777; service, 24 days; marched to Kingsbury by order of Brig. Gen. John 
Fellows. Roll dated Tyringham. 

Bextley, Gardxer. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 20, 1781, 12 days; 
marched under command of Lieut. Col. John Collar on an alarm. 

Bextley, Giles. Private, Capt. John King's co. ; pay abstract for service at the 
Northward in 1780. 

Bextley, James, Westfield. Private, Capt. Warham Parks's co.. Col. Timothy Daniel- 
son's regt.; muster roll dated Aug 1, 1775; enlisted May 4, 1775; service, 3 mos. 
4 days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat 
or its equivalent in money, dated Roxbury, Dec* 23, 1775. 

Bextley, James, Murrayfield. Private, Capt. Enoch Shepard's co., Col. John Mose- 
ley's regt.; marched to Mt. Independence under Lieut. Col. Timothy Roberson 
on the alarm of Oct. 21, 1776; service, 28 days. 

Bextley, Johx'^, Nobletown. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Downing's co.. Col. Ashley's regt. [year not given] ; residence, Nobletown; 
enlisted for town of Sheffield; joined Capt. Bartlett's co.. Col. Weston's (also 
given Wesson's) regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war ; mustered by Trueman 
Wheeler, Muster Master, between Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1. 1778. 



980 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bentlet, John. Drummer, Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co., Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from July 8 to July 21, 1777, 14 days; 
marched to reinforce Northern army under Lieut. Joseph "Wilson by order of 
Maj. Gen. Schyler; roll dated Tyringham; also, Private, Capt. Noah Lankton's 
CO., Col. John Ashley's (1st Berkshire Co.) regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1777 ; discharged 
Aug. 14, 1777 ; service, 24 days ; marched to Kingsbury by order of Brig. Gen. 
John Fellows. Roll dated TjTingham. 

Bentlet, John. Returns for rations from July 14, 1779, to Aug. G, 1779 ; service at the 
Laboratory in Boston ; also, returns for rations from Aug. 7 to Aug. 21, 1779, 
dated Boston; service under Col. Burbeck at the Laboratory; w^so, returns for 
rations from Aug. 21, 1779, to Sept. 25, 1779, dated Boston ; service at the Labora- 
tory ; also, returns for rations from March 25, 1780, to May 6, 1780, dated Boston ; 
service under Col. Burbeck at the Laboratory; also. Laborer; order for 30 days 
rations from Sept. 1 to Sept. 30, 1780, dated Boston; service at the Laboratory; 
also, return for rations from Oct. 1, 1780, to Nov. 1, 1780, dated Boston ; service at 
the Laboratory. 

Bentlet, Joseph. 1st Lieutenant, Col. William Burbeck's regt.; pay abstract for 6 
mos. service from April 1, 1780; reported as serving 4 mos. 8 days as Captain, 
superintending State Laboratory. 

Bentlet, Joshva, Little Iloosac (also given East Hoosac). Return of men enlisted 
into Continental Army from Capt. Enos Parker's co., Berkshire Co. regt. [year 
not given] ; residence, Little Iloosac; enlisted for town of East Hoosac; joined 
Capt. Warren's co., Col. Bayley's regt.; enlistment, 3 years or during war; mus- 
tered by Trueman Wheeler, Muster Master, Ijetween Jan. 20, 1777, and June 1, 
1778; also. Private, Major's co.. Col. John Bailey's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to June 1, 1780. 

Bentlet, Joshua. Lieutenant ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Dec. 
1, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779, under Col. Burbank at the Laboratory; also. Captain 
and Clerk ; returns for rations from Sept. 11, 1779, to Sept. 25, 1779, dated Boston ; 
service at the Laboratory; also, return for rations from March 25, 1780, to April 
1,1780, dated Boston; service at the Laboratory under Col. Burbeck ; n^so, receipt 
for rations from May 6 to May 27, 1780, dated Boston; service at the Laboratory; 
also, orders for provisions from July 29, 1780, to Sept. 4, 1780, dated Boston; ser- 
vice at the Laboratory ; also, return for rations from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1, 1780, dated 
Boston ; also. Captain, Col. William Burbeck's regt. ; pay abstract for service 
from Oct. 1, 1780, to July 1, 1781, 9 mos. ; served as clerk at the State Laboratory; 
also, pay roll for service from July 1, 1781, to Marcli 1, 1782, dated Boston; ser- 
vice as clerk at the Laboratory; also, receipts for rations from March 1, 1782, to 
Aug. 9, 1783, dated Boston; served as clerk at the Laboratory with rank of 
Captain. 

Bentlet, Lebbevs, Tyringham. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Ilarick's co., Col. Ashley's regt. [year not given] ; residence, Tyringham; 
enlisted for town of Tyringham ; joined Capt. Chadwick's CO., Col. Brewer's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. 

Bentlet, Nathaniel. Petition dated Boston, Jan. 22, 1778, signed by John Tracey, 
asking that said Bentley be commissioned as commander of the schooner 
" Hornett" (privateer) ; ordered in Council, Jan. 23, 1778, that a commission ))e 
issued; also, petition dated Boston, June 1, 1781, signed by said Bentley in l)chalf 
of Samuel Batclielour and others of Newburyport, asking that said Bentley be 
appointed as commander of the schooner " Senegal " (privateer) ; age, 32 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft.; complexion, dark; ordered in Council, June 4, 1781, tliat a com- 
mission be issued. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 981 

Bentley, Niles. Private, Capt. John King's co., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted June 27, 1780; discharged July 4, 1780; service, 8 days; marched 
for defence of West Point by order of Brig. Gen. Fellows on an alarm. 

Bextlet, Sajiuel. Capt. Benjamin Bowne's co.. Col. William Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in monev, dated Prospect 
Hill, Dec. 18, 1775. 

Bentlet, Samuel, St. Georges. Capt. Samuel Page's co.. Col. Francis's regt. [roll 
mutilated] . 

Bentley, Samuel. Sergeant of Marines, ship "General Putnam," commanded by 
Capt. Daniel Waters ; engaged July 12, 1779 ; service, 1 mo. 25 days. 

Bentley, Sajiuel. List of men in Capt. Richardson's co. of No. 12, Attleborongh, 
hired by a class for the term of 3 years or during war. 

Bextley, Thomas. Private, Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co.. Col. John Ashley, Jr.'s 
(Berkshire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service from July 8 to July 27, 1777, 20 days ; 
marched under Lieut. Joseph Wilson to reinforce Northern army by order of Maj. 
Gen. Schyler; roll dated Tyringham; also, Capt. Noah Lankton's co., Col. John 
Ashley's (1st Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; discharged Oct. 16, 
1777 ; service, 28 days ; marched on expedition to Stillwater by order of Brig. 
Gen. John Fellows. 

Bentley, WiLLiAii. Receipt for bounty paid him by Asa Haymont of Class No. 3 of 
the town of Medfield to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, 
dated Springfield, June 25, 1782. 

Bextly, Joshua, East Hoosac. Private, 6th co.. Col. John Bailey's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from June 1, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. 
Isaac Warren's (6th) co.. Col. Bailey's regt.; return dated Camp Valley Forge, 
Jan. 24, 1778. 

Bextly, Lebbeus. Private, Capt. George King's co.. Col. Benjamin Simonds's (Berk- 
shu-e Co.) regt. ; muster roll dated Ticonderoga, Feb. 25, 1777 ; enlisted Dec. 16, 
1776 ; enlistment to expire March 15, 1777. 

Bextly, Nathaxiel. Petition dated Boston, May 11, 1780, signed by said Bently, in 
behalf of Wingate Newman & Co., of Newburyport, asking that said Bentley be 
appointed as commander of the brigantine " Julius Cassar " (privateer) ; ordered 
in Council May 11, 1780, that a commission be issued. 

Bextly, Sa3iuel, Georgia. Private, Capt. Bowne's co., Lieut. Col. Bond's (late Gard- 
ner's) 37th regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bextly, Samuel. Capt. Abijah Child's co. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., from 
Ticonderoga home, in 1776. 

Bextly, Samuel, Attleborongh. Private, Capt. Joseph Morse's co.. Col. Rufus Put- 
nam's (5th) regt. ; Continental Ai-my pay accounts for service from June 3, 1777, to 
Jan. 5, 1778; reported discharged Jan. 5, 1778; also, muster return dated Albany, 
Feb. 9, 1778; residence, Attleborongh ; enlisted for town of Attleborough ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years ; mustered by Capt. Leonard. 

Bextly, William. Private, Capt. Samuel Flower's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) 
regt. ; Continental Arm.v pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to July 11, 
1778; reported died July 11, 1778; also, muster roll dated Camp at Stillwater, 
Sept. 15, 1777; reported mustered at Van Schaick's Island, Sept., 1777; also, 
muster rolls for Oct. and Dec, 1777, dated Albany; reported under inoculation 
in Dec, 1777; also, muster rolls for Jan.-May, 1778, dated Albany; also, muster 
rolls for June and July, 1778, dated AVhite Plains; reported sick on the road to 
Peekskill in June, 1778 ; enlisted Nov. 22, 1776 ; enlistment, 3 years. 



982 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bextox, . [This name also appears under the form of Bantom, Banton, Benot, 

Benten.] 

Bentox, Bethuel, Ashfield. Capft. Seth Murray's co., Col. Benjamin Ruggles Wood- 
bridsre's regt. ; return for cartridge boxes dated Camp at Cambridge, June 18, 
1775; also, Private; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 10, 1775; ser- 
■vice, 2 mos. 27 days ; also, compan.y return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 30, 1775 ; 
also, order for bounty' coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 25, 
1775; ft/so, Lieut. Ephraim Jennings's co., Col. David Field's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 17 to Aug. 21, 1777, 5 days ; marched to the 
Northward at the time of t>ie battle of Bennington. 

Bextox, Bezer, Ashfield. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Webber's co., Col. John Fellows's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 2 mos. 27 
days ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 22, 1775; also, Corporal, 
Capt. Timothy Childs's co., Col. David Wells's regt. ; enlisted May 10, 1777 ; dis- 
charged July 8, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 8 days ; marched to Ticonderoga ; also, de- 
scriptive list of men enlisted from Hampshire Co. in 1779, to serve in the Conti- 
nental Army ; Capt. Cranson's co.. Col. Wells's regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
2 in.; hair, brown ; residence, Ashfield; enlistment, 9 months; delivered to Capt. 
J. Cooper; also. Private, Capt. Farley's co.. Col. Wesson's (9th) regt.; enlisted 
July 9, 1779; discharged April 9, 1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Bentox, Caleb. Sergeant, Capt. John Spoor's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; pay roll for service from July 7 to July 28, 1777, 22 days ; marched to 
Kingsbury, near Fort Ann ; also. Quartermaster Sergeant, Capt. Roswell Down- 
ing's CO., Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted Sept. 19, 1777; dis- 
charged Oct. 19, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 

Bentox, David, Jr. Private, Capt. Samuel Warner's co.. Col. John Brown's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1780; discharged Oct. 23, 1780; service, 3 mos. 
13 days ; enlistment, 3 months ; also, receipt for bounty paid him by selectmen of 
Sheffield to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 months, dated Jan. 
1, 1781. 

Bentox, Ekexezer, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Abram Washburn's co.. Col. 
Edward Mitchell's regt.; marched to Horse Neck in Braintree March 4, 1776; 
service, 6 days. 

Bextox, Elijah, Surrey, N. H. Private, Capt. Jeremiah Stiles's co.. Col. Paul Dudley 
Sargent's regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775 ; enlisted July 14, 1775 ; service, 18 
days; also, company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or 
its equivalent in money, dated Boston, Nov. 10, 1775. 

Bentox, Felix, West Stockbridge. List of men raised for the 6 mos. service and re- 
turned b}' Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp 
Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780 ; also, pay roll for 6 montlis men raised by the town of 
West Stockbridge for service in the Continental Armj^ during 1780 ; marched July 
1, 1780; discharged Jan. 14, 1781 ; service, 6 mos. 19 days. 

Bentox, Joxathax, West Stockbridge. Private, Lieut. Jabez Colt's co., Col. Rosse- 
ter's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 17, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; 
service, 11 days; roll dated Richmond; also, Capt. Enoch Noble's co.. Col. Ezra 
AVood's regt.; enlisted May 20, 1778; discharged Feb. 7, 1779; service, 8 mos. 
23 days, at Peekskill ; enlistment, 8 months; also, Capt. Ambrose Hill's co., 
Lieut. Col. Miles Powell's (Berkshii-e Co.) regt.; enlisted July 18, 1779; dis- 
charged Aug. 22, 1779; service, 1 mo. 10 days, at New Haven, Conn. ; also, Capt. 
Isaac Marsh's co., Col. Sears's (Berkshire Co.) regt. ; mustered July 21, 1781 ; dis- 
charged Nov. 2. 1781 ; service, 3 mos. 12 days, at Fort Plains, Tryon Co., under 
command of Brig. Gen. Stark. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 983 

Benton, Lowdex, Ashfield. Private, Ebenezer Webber's eo., Col. John Fellows's 
regt. ; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 8, 1775; service, 2 mos. 27 
days ; also, company return dated Dorchester, Oct. 7, 1775 ; also, order for bounty 
coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dorchester, Nov. 22, 1775; also, Capt. 
Lawrence Kemp's co.. Col. David "Wells's (Hampshire Co.) regt.; enlisted May 
10, 1777; discliarged July 17, 1777; service, 2 mos. 9 days, at the Northward; 
roll dated Shelburne ; also, Lieut. Ephraim Jennings's co.. Col. David Field's 
(Hampshire Co.) regt. ; pay roll for service froni Aug. 17 to Aug. 21, 1777, 5 days ; 
marclied to the Northward at the time of the battle of Bennington ; also, Capt. 
Sylvanns Rice's co.. Col. Israel Chapin's (3d) regt. ; pay roU for service from Nov. 
10 to Nov. 22, 1779, 18 days, at Claverack. 

Benton, Nicholas, Wrentliam. Return of men raised agreeable to resolve of Dec. 2, 
1780; enlisted April 4, 1781. 

Benton, Philip. Private, Capt. Luke Hitchcock's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; 
muster roll for Jan., 1781, dated West Point; enlisted July 14, 1780; discharged 
Jan. 14, 1781 ; enlistment, 6 months. 

Benton, Roger (also given Rozer) , Ashfield. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable 
to resolve of June 9, 1779; Capt. Phillips's co.. Col. Wells's regt.; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 2 in. ; hair, brown ; residence, Ashfield ; enlistment, 9 months ; re- 
ceived at Springfield July 19, 1779, by Capt. James Cooper. 

Benton, Stephen. Private, Capt. Aaron Rowley's co., Col. John Brown's (Berkshire 
Co.) regt.; enlisted June 30, 1777; discharged July 26, 1777; service, 27 days; 
company raised for service at Fort Ann on the alarm at Ticonderoga; also, 
Capt. Amos Rathburn's co.. Col. John Brown's regt.; enlisted Sept. 21, 1777; 
discharged Oct. 14, 1777 ; service, 24 days. 

Benton, Stephen. Sergeant, Capt. John Bacon's co.. Col. David Rossiter's regt., 
Gen. John Fello^Vs's brigade; marched to reinforce Gen. Stark at Stillwater on 
the alarm of Nov. 5, 1780 ; service, 4 days. 

Benton, Zadok, Wilbraham. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated South Hadley, 
June 29, 1778 ; Capt. Stebbins's co.. Col. Bliss's regt. ; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
1 in.; hair, brown; residence, Wilbraham; enlistment, 9 months from time of 
arrival at Fishkill, July 7, 1778; also, list of men returned as received by Jona- 
than Warner, dated Fort Arnold, July 10, 1778. 

Bentroff, John William, Boston. Matross, Capt. Nathaniel Donnell's co.. Col. John 
Crane's (3d Artillery) regt. ; Continental Army pay account for service from Nov. 
13, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, muster roll dated West Point, Jan. 9, 1781 ; resi- 
dence, Boston; enlisted Nov. 13, 1780, by Lieut. Driskill; enlistment, during 
war; reported a foreigner; also, muster rolls for Feb., March and April, 1781, 
dated West Point; reported on command at Stony Point; also. Muster Master's 
receipt, dated Boston, Dec. 7, 1782; mustered and received of Messrs. Joseph 
Hart and Frederick Breed, Constables of Lj-nn ; reported enlisted to serve for the 
Quakers. 

Benttlet, John. Sergeant, Capt. Ezekiel Hearick's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; pay roll for service from Oct. 13 to Oct. 20, 1781, 12 days; 
marched under Lieut. Col. John Collar by order of Col. John Ashley, Jr., on an 
alarm. 

Benvie, James. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Feb. 16, 1777; Capt. Hunt's co.. Brig. Gen. Paterson's 
regt. 

Benwat, Joseph, France. Matross, Capt. David Cook's co.. Col. John Crane's (Artil- 
lery) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 27, 1778, to 
Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster rolls for Jan. and March, 1779, dated Warren ; enlisted 
March 27, 1778 ; enlistment, 3 years ; also. Continental Army pay accounts for 



984 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bexav.vt, Joseph, continued. 

service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of enlisted men 
made up for 1780 ; Capt. Cook's co., 3d Artillerj' regt. ; age, 24 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 
5 in. ; complexion, black ; enlisted Jan. 27, 1778, by Lieut. Dunnalds ; enlistment, 
during war; rank. Corporal. 

Beoker, IIeinuick. Sergeant, Col. Ai-mand's Legion ; list of men dated July, 1778. 
[Independent co. taken into Continental service by resolve of June 25, 1778.] 

Berber, John. Capt. Hayward's co., 2d regt.; enlisted Aug. 9, 1779; enlistment, 9 
months ; reported taken prisoner Feb. 3, 1780. 

Berbvr, Levi. Private, Capt. Zenas Wheeler's co.. Col. John Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted July 21, 1777; discharged Aug. 15, 1777 ; service, 26 days ; marched 
to Fort Edward, N. Y. 

Berby, Benjamin, Ashby. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Bennett's co.. Col. Jonathan Reed's (6th Middlesex Co.) regt., dated Littleton, 
Sept. 17, 1777 ; residence, Ashby ; joined Capt. Smith's co., Col. Bigelow's regt. ; 
enlistment, 3 years. [See Benjamin Burley.] 

Berce, David. Sergeant, Capt. James Davis's co. ; paj- roll for service from Nov. 1, 
1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days, dated Barnstable. 

Berce, Job. Corporal, Capt. Abram "Washburn's co., Col. John Cushing's regt. ; en- 
listed Sept. 20, 1776; service, 59<^ days, at Newport, R. I.; companj' detached to 
reinforce Continental Army. Roll dated Bridgewater. 

Berdean, Timothy, Kittery. Descriptive list of men enlisted agreeable to resolve of 
June 9, 1779; Lieut. Raits's co., 2d regt. ; age, 16 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 3 in. ; com- 
plexion, light; residence, Kittery; enlistment, 9 months; delivered to Capt. 
Tisdale. 

Berdeen, Joseph, Marblehead. Private, Capt. Wiley's co., Col. Sargent's (28th) regt. ; 
company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Berdeen, Nathan, Scarborough. Private, Capt. Tyler's co., Col. Phinney's regt.; 
company return dated Sept. 29, 1775 ; reported enlisted May 9, 1775. 

Berden, Icjiabod. Private, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; 
marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; 
service, 9 days. 

Berden, John. Private, Capt. Abner Bourn's co.. Col. Ebenezer White's regt. ; marched 
Aug. 1, 1780; discharged Aug. 9, 1780; service, 9 days, on an alarm at Rhode 
Island. 

Berdick, Freedom, Richmond. List of deserters dated Camp Highlands, N. Y., July 
13, 1780; Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt.; age, 30 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; com- 
plexion, dark ; hair, black ; birthplace, Connecticut ; residence, Richmond. 

Berdien, Elnathan. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. bj' Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Feb. 2, 1777; Capt. Allen's co.. Col. Ichabod 
Alden's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Berdue, Eli. Private, Capt. Samuel Farrar's co.. Col. Reed's regt. ; enlisted Sept. 29, 
1777; discharged Nov. 7, 1777; service, 1 mo. 10 da3's; conipan.y drafted from 
Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. to reinforce Northern army under Gen. Gates. 

Berd-well, Noah. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Salmon White's 12th (Whately) co., 2d 
Hampshire Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. militia ; commissioned April 5, 
1776. 

Beeens, Tho:mas, Salem. Seaman, ship " Rhodes," commanded liy Capt. Nehemiah 
Buffington ; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Aug. 14, 1780 ; age, 24 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; complexion, light ; residence, Salem. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 985 

Beret, Edward. Capt. Isaiah Stetson's co., Col. Gamaliel Bradford's regt. ; pay ab- 
stract for rations, etc., from date of enlistment, Dec. 27, 1776, to date of arrival at 
Bennington, Feb. 4, 1777. 

Beret, Isaac, Yarmouth. Private, Capt. Elisha Hedge's co.. Col. Nathaniel Free- 
man's regt.; marched on a secret expedition to Rhode Island Sept. 27, 1777; 
service, 1 mo. ; reported went home 2 days before company were discharged on 
account of failure to draw allowance. 

Beret, Thomas. Private, Capt. Benjamin Larrabe's co., Col. Mitchel's regt. ; marched 
on expedition to Penobscot July 9, 1779; discharged Sept. 12, 1779; service, 2 
mos. 3 days. 

Bergex, . [This-name also appears under the form of Bengan, Bengen.] 

Bergen, John. Mariner, brigantine " Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Hallet; engaged Sept. 25, 1778; discharged Sept. 18, 1778. 

Berginhoff, Nicholas. Corporal, Capt. Lawrence Keene's co., Lieut. Col. John 
Parke's regt. ; pay roll for Aug., 1778. 

Berhand, John, Boston. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. 
Jonathan Wood's co., 8th Worcester Co. regt., dated Fitchburg, Dec. 20, 1777; 
residence, Boston ; enlisted for town of Fitchburg ; joined Capt. Frothingham's 
CO., Col. Crane's regt; enlistment, 3 years. 

Berioit, Jean Baptiste, Amesbury. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Essex Co. subsequent to Feb. 11, 1778, dated April 18, 1778 ; residence, 
Amesbury; enlisted for town of Amesbury; joined Capt. E. Lunt's co., Col. 
Henley's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Bermitt, John. Capt. Abijah Wyman's co., Col. William Prescott's regt.; order for 
bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Nov. 11, 1775. [See 
John Bennett.] 

Bermitt, John. Private, Capt. AVilliam Greenleaf's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Aug. 22 to Aug. 26, 1777, 4 days, on an alarm. 

Bernard, Benjamin. Private, Capt. Hezekiah Whitney's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; marched to Rhode Island on the alarm of July 22, 1777 ; service, 2 days. 

Bernard, Castilio, Sandwich. Private, Capt. John Chadwick's co.. Col. Brewer's 
regt. ; muster return dated Jan. 22, 1778 ; residence, Sandwich ; enlisted for town 
of Sandwich; mustered bj- Joseph Otis, Muster Master. 

Bernard, Currier. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt. ; enlisted Aug. 19, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 30, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 25 days. 
Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Bernard, Edmund, Amesbury. Private, Capt. John Currier's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] . 

Bernard, Francis. Private, Capt. Moses Harvey's co.. Col. Woodliridge's regt.; en- 
listed Aug. 22, 1777 ; discharged Nov. 29, 1777 ; service, 3 mos. 17 days ; company 
raised to reinforce Northern army. 

Bernard, Jean. List of men mustered in SufiFolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Oct. 26, 1777 ; Col. Crane's regt. 

Bernard, Jean Philip, Cohasset. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army 
from Capt. Obadiah Seal's co. [year not given] ; residence, Cohasset ; enlisted 
for town of Cohasset; joined Capt. Langdon's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; 
enlistment, 3 years ; mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master. 



986 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Bernard, Johx, Medford. Capt. Abijah Child's co., Col. John Greaton's (2d) regt. ; 
muster return [year not given] ; residence, Medford ; enlisted for town of Med- 
ford; mustered bj' Col. Barber; reported deserted. 

Bernard, John, Bolton. Private, Capt. Manasseh Sawyer's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Feb. 12, 1777 ; also, return of 
men in service from Dec. 14, 1776, to March 1, 1777. 

Bernard, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co.. Col. Samuel Johnson's 
regt.; enlisted Aug. 19, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 3 mos. 25 days. 
Roll sworn to in Middlesex Co. 

Bernard, Jonathan, Lancaster. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continen- 
tal Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 17 
j-rs. ; stature, 5 ft. 2 in.; complexion, light; residence, Lancaster; arrived at 
Springfield July 13, 1780; marched to camp July 13, 1780, under command of 
Capt. Thomas Pritchard. 

Bernard, Reuben. Seaman ; list of prisoners exchanged for British prisoners by 
order of Lord Howe, dated His Majesty's ship " Eagle," off New York, April 25, 
1777; exchanged for Charles Malm, seaman. 

Bernard, Richard, Boston. Sergeant, Light Infantry co.. Col. Joseph Yose's (1st) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 

Bernard, Thomas, Amesbury. Corporal, Capt. John Currier's co.. Col. James Frye's 
regt.; company return [probably Oct., 1775]. 

Bernerd, Sami-el. Private, Capt. Seth Newton's co., Col. Abijah Stearns's regt.; 
enlisted April 1, 1778 ; discharged July 2, 1778 ; service, 3 mos. 2 days, with guards 
at Roxbury. 

Bernet, Jonathan, Boston. Private, Capt. Cranson's co., Col. Whitcomb's regt.; 
company return dated Prospect Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Bernett, Benjamin. List of men in the 26th regt. who engaged to continue in service 
for 6 weeks from Jan. 1, 1777. 

Berney, John. Private, Capt. Jonathan Shaw's co., Col. John Daggett's regt. ; enlisted 
Aug. 21, 1778; discharged Sept. 1, 1778; service, 12 days, at Rliode Island. 

Bernet, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Josiah Wliitney's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from May 13, 1777, to July 5, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days, at 
Rhode Island, including travel from Point Judith, South Kingston, R. I., to 
Rehobotli. 

Bernet, Jonathan. Private, Lieut. Joel Whitney's co., Col. Foster's (Lincoln Co.) 
regt. ; discharged Oct. 7, 1777 ; service, 2 mos. 19 days, at Machias. 

Bernet, Joseph. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Josiali ^Vhitney's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from May 13, 1777, to July 5, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days, at 
Rhode Island, including travel from Point Judith, South Kingston, R. I., to 
Rehoboth. 

Bernet, Nathaniel. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. John Hatha way's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from April 21, 1777, 4 days, at Tiverton, R. I. 

Bernet, Paul. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co., Col. Josiah AVhitney's regt. ; 
pay roll for service from Maj' 13, 1777, to July 5, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days, at Rhode 
Island, including travel from Point Judith, South Kingston, R. I., to Rehoboth. 

Bernet, Peleg. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Carpenter's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt. ; pay roll for service from May 13, 1777, to July 5, 1777, 1 mo. 25 days, at 
Rhode Island, including travel from Point Judith, South Kingston, R. I., to 
Rehoboth. 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 987 

Beron, Valentine, Boston (also given Salem). Private, Capt. Hastings's (6th) co., 
Col. Henry Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from 
Dec. 25, 1778, to Jul}' 1, 1779; reported deserted July 1, 1779; also, muster roll for 
April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; enlisted Dec. 25, 1778; enlistment, during war (also 
given 3 years) ; mustered by James Leonard, Muster Master for Bristol Co. 

Berra, Isaac. Corporal, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Simons's (Berk- 
shire Co.) regt.; enlisted July 1, 1780; discharged July 31, 1780; service, 1 mo., 
in Northern department. Roll dated Hancock. 

Berret, Benjamin-, Chelmsford. Corporal; descriptive list of enlisted men; Capt. John 
Ford's CO., Col. Bridge's regt.; age, 42 yrs. ; stature, 6 ft.; complexion, light; 
occupation, farmer; residence, Chelmsford; enlisted April 25, 1775; also, Capt. 
Ford's CO., Col. Bridge's (27th) regt. ; company return dated Sept. 25, 1775. 

Berret, Isaac, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. Ford's co.. Col. Bridge's (27th) regt.; 
company return dated Sept. 25, 1775. 

Berrett, Benjamin, Chelmsford. Corporal, Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Ebenezer 
Bridge's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 
mos. 14 days. 

Berrett, Edmond. Seaman, ship "General Mifflin," commanded by Capt. George M. 
Babcock; descriptive list of officers and crew, dated Sept. 9, 1780; age, 23 yrs.; 
complexion, dark; residence, Massachusetts. 

Berrett, Isaac, Chelmsford. Private, Capt. John Ford's co.. Col. Ebenezer Bridge's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 25, 1775; service, 3 mos. 14 
days. 

Berrett, Nathan. List of men taken from the Orderly Book of Col. Israel Hutch- 
inson of the 27th regt., dated Fort Lee, Nov. 16, 1776; reported Private in Capt. 
Richardson's co. ; taken prisoner at Fort Washington. 

Berret, Abijah. List of men in Capt. Benjamin Munroe's co., between 1778 and 
1779; also, Private, Capt. Munroe's co. ; pay abstract for 2 mos. 12 days ser\ice, 
from Jan. 20 [year not given] . 

Berret, Benjamin. Private, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's co. of guards; enlisted June 1, 
1779; discharged June 31, 1779; service, 1 mo., at Sudbury and Boston; also, 
Maj. Heath's co. ; enlisted Aug. 1, 1779 ; discharged May 1, 1780; service, 9 mos., 
with guards at Boston. 

Berret, Ephraim, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Matthias Tobey's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for mileage, etc., to Ticonderoga, dated Boston, Jan. 
15, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for mileage from Fort Edward to Barnstable, dated 
Boston, Jan., 1777. 

Berret, George. Private, Capt. Elisha Shapleigh's co.. Col. Joseph Storer's regt.; 
enlisted Aug. 14, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777; service, 4 mos. 3 days. Roll 
sworn to at Kittery. 

Berret, George, Scarborough. Return of men enlisted into Continerttal Army from 
Capt. Lebby's co., Cumberland Co. regt., dated Nov. 25, 1778; residence, Scar- 
borough ; enlisted for town of Scarborough ; joined Capt. Skillings's co. ; enlist- 
ment, 3 years. 

Berret, George, Salem. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 
Essex Co. regt. [year not given] ; residence, Salem ; enlisted for town of Salem ; 
enlistment, 3 years or during war. 

Berret, George, Petersham. Private, Capt. Smart's co., Col. Calvin Smith's (late 

Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from to 

Aug. 2, 1777 ; reported deserted ; returned as mustered to serve in Capt. Blaisdell's 
CO., Col. "Wigglesworth's regt., by Thomas Newhall, Muster Master. 



988 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Berrey, James. Private, Capt. Marshall's co., Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt.; 
paj' abstract for clothing for 1777 ; reported deserted. 

Berret, James. Private, Capt. Lot Crowell's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; 
pay roll for 3 days service in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth. 

Berrey, Johx. Ensign, Col. Thomas Marshall's (10th) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to Nov. 1, 1777; reported absent without 
leave from Nov. 1, 1777. 

Berrey, Johx. Private, Capt. Micah Hamlen's co., Col. Jonathan Reed's regt. of 
guards; marched April 9, 1778; roll made up to July 6, 1778; service, 2 mos. 26 
days, at Cambridge; enlistment, 3 months from April 2, 1778. 

Berrey, John, Haverhill. List of men enlisted into Continental Army from Essex 
Co. [year not given] ; residence, Haverhill ; enlisted for town of Haverhill. 

Berrey, John. List of men in Capt. Jabez West's co., who received bounty from. 
Capt. Stephen Smith, Muster Master for Lincoln Co., for engaging in the expedi- 
tion against St. Johns [year not given] . 

Berrey-, Joxathax. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co. ; pay abstract for 2 days ser- 
vice from Nov. 7, 1778, guarding prisoners from the ship " Somerset " at Harwich 
and from thence to Yarmouth. 

Berrey, Josiah. Private, Capt. Samuel Knight's co. ; enlisted July 9, 1775 ; ser^^ce, 
6 mos. 8 days ; stationed on the sea coast at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Berrey, Josiah. Private, Capt. Jesse Partridge's co., Col. John Greaton's regt. ; 
enlisted April 1, 1778; discharged Nov. 30, 1778; service, 8 mos., at North River; 
roll endorsed " volunteers from Falmouth." 

Berrey, Josiah. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Pride's co.. Col. Nathaniel Jordan's (Cum- 
berland Co.) regt. ; joined Oct. 1, 1779 ; discharged Oct. 23, 1779 ; service, 23 days. 

Berrey, Josiah, Pi-esumscot. Drummer, Capt. William Cobb's co. ; marched July 
8, 1779; discharged Sept. 25, 1779, at Falmouth; service, 2 mos. 17 days; com- 
pany raised in Cumberland Co. and served in a detachment commanded bj' CoL 
Jonathan Mitchel on expedition against Penobscot. 

Berrey, Samuel, Maiden. Private, Lieut. Colonel's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; 

Continental Army paj' accounts for service from Oct. 14, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; 

reported deserted, being absent from service 6 mos. 4 days. 
Berrey, Tho-MAs, Ljmn. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 1st 

Essex Co. regt., dated Feb. 16, 1778 ; residence, Lynn ; enlisted for town of Lynn ; 

joined Capt. Goodale's co., Col. Putnam's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years or during war» 

Berrey, Thomas, Gardnerstown. Private, Capt. Hunt's co.. Col. Henry Jackson's 
regt. ; Continental Array pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 
1780; also, muster roll dated Camp near Morristown, May 8, 1780; reported 
transferred from Col. Sherburne's regt. May 2, 1780, by order of Gen. Washington, 

Berrey, Timothy, Scarborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. Lebby's co., Col. Reuben Fogg's (Cumberland Co.) regt., dated Nov. 25, 
1778 ; residence, Scarborough ; enlisted for town of Scarborough ; joined Capt. 
Skillings's CO., Col. Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 years; also, Private, Capt. 
William Scott's (Light Infantry) co.. Col. Henry Jackson's regt.; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to June 10, 1780. 

Berrey, William. Sergeant, Capt. Samuel Knight's co. ; enlisted July 9, 1775 ; ser- 
vice, 6 mos. 8 days, stationed on the sea coast at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Berriex, Bexjamix, Jr., Spencer. Sergeant, Capt. Eljenezer Mason's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Warner's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days. 

Berrix, Hexry, France. Return of men enlisted into Continental Army agreeable to 
resolve of April 20, 1778; age, 22 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 4 in.; residence, France; 
enlisted for town of Waltham ; enlistment, 9 months. 



m THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 989 

Berris, Isaac. Ensign, Capt. Moses Harrington's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; list of officers 
of Mass. militia stationed at Dorchester Heights until March 1, 1777. 

Berrows, Benjamin, Middleborough. Private, Capt. Dickinson's co.. Col. Wood- 
bridge's regt. ; company return dated Prospect Hill, Sept. 28, 1775. 

Berry, . [This name also appears under the form of Barrey, Barry, Beary, Berey, 

Berra, Berrey, Bery, Bury.] 

Berry, Amjah, Marlborough. Private, Capt. William Brigham's co.. Col. Jonathan 
Ward's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge ; ser- 
vice, -t days. 

Berry, Abijah. Capt. Munroe's co., Col. Sprout's regt. ; receipt for wages, etc., for 
service at Rh«de Island in 1778, dated Stow, July 2, 1779. 

Berry, Amos, Hanover. Private, Capt. Robert Lenthall Eells's (South Hanover) co., 
under the direction of the Field Officers of 2d Plymouth Co. regt., which marched 
April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 
3 days. 

Berry, Amos. Private, Capt. Amos Turner's co.. Col. John Jacobs's (Plymouth Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 22, 1780 ; discharged Oct. 30, 1780 ; service, 2 mos. 25 days ; 
enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce Continental Army. 

Berry, Andros. Sailmaker's Mate, ship "General Putnam," commanded by Capt. 
Daniel Waters; engaged July 7, 1779; service, 2 mos. 

Berry, Bexjamix, Sudbury. Private, Capt. Moses Stone's co., Lieut. Col. Ezekiel 
How's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to headquarters; 
service, 4 days. 

Berry, Bexjamix, Scarborough. Capt. John Rice's co.. Col. Phinney's regt. ; billet- 
ing roll from date of enlistment, May 15, 1775, to date of marching to headquar- 
ters, July 4, 1775, equivalent to 50 days ; also, Private ; company return dated 
Sept. 29, 1775 ; reported enlisted May 15, 1775. 

Berry, Bexjamix. Petition dated Concord, Sept. 30, 1777, signed by said Berry and 
others, asking for addition to their wages for service in guarding the Continental 
stores at Little Cambridge, Concord, Sudbury, etc., under Capt. Isaac Woods; 
granted by House of Representatives Jan. 21, 1778; also, Private; payrolls for 
service from date of enlistment, July 1, 1778, to May 31, 1779, under Sergt. 
Joseph Goodenow, guarding magazines at Sudbury ; also, Maj. Nathaniel Heath's 
CO. of guards; enlisted July 1, 1779; discharged July 31, 1779; service, 1 mo.; 
company raised for 3 mos. service at Boston. 

Berry, Bexjamix. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Freeman's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Hallet's 
(Barnstable Co.) regt.; enlisted Aug. 16, 1780; discharged Oct. 31, 1780; service, 
2 mos. 20 days ; enlistment, 3 months. 

Berry, Bexjamix, Harwich. Captain, 3d (1st Harwich) co., 2d Barnstable Co. regt.; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned April 20, 1776; also, Maj. Zenas 
Winslow's regt. ; pay roll for 7 days service at Bedford and Falmouth on the 
alarm of Sept. 7, 1778. 

Berry, Bexjamix, Andover. Private, Capt. Samuel King's co.. Col. Josiah Whitney's 
regt.; pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 1776, to Dec. 1, 1776, 1 mo. 3 days; also, 
Capt. Stephen Abbot's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's (15th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from April 3, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Farnum's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for 12 days rations 
from April 3, 1777 ; also, muster return dated Jan. 24, 1778 ; reported unfit for 
duty for want of shoes ; also, Capt. Abbot's co.. Col. Tupper's regt. ; muster roll 
dated West Point. April 5, 1779; enlisted April 3, 1777; enlistment, 3 years; re- 
ported transferred to light infantry April 1, 1779; also, Capt. Samuel Page's 



990 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Bekrt, BENJAsrix, continued. 

(Light Infantry) co., Col. Tupper's regt. ; muster roll dated West Point, April 5, 
1779; also, Capt. Abbot's co., Col. Tupper's regt.; Continental Arm.v pay ac- 
counts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780; also, descriptive list of 
enlisted men ; Capt. Abbot's co., 10th regt.; age, 18 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 5 in.; 
complexion, dark; hair, brown; occupation, husbandman; birthplace, Andover: 
residence, Andover; enlisted Oct. 26, 1779, by Capt. Abbot, at "West Point; en- 
listment, during war; also. Col. Benjamin Tupper's (10th) regt.; pay rolls for 
service from Jan. 1, 1781, to Jan. 1, 1783, 24 mos. 

Berry, Benjamin. Seaman, brig "Active," commanded by Capt. Allen Hallet; 
engaged May 31, 1779; discharged Aug. 31, 1779; service, 3 mos. 1 day. 

Berrt, Benjamin, Jr., Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded 
by Lieut. John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775, to Cambridge; service, 3^ days. 

Berry, Daniel. Corporal of Marines, State brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. 
John F. Williams; engaged July 7, 1778; discharged Oct. IG, 1778; service, 
3 mos. 8 days. 

Berry, Daniel. Private, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; pay roll for 
1 mo. 7 days service, sworn to Dec. 4, 1777, in Suffolk Co. ; company raised for 
a secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Berry, Daniel, Roxbury. List of men enlisted from Suffolk Co. for the term of 
9 mos. from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, July 7, 1778 ; residence, Roxbury. 

Berry, David, Gardnerstown (also given Germantown). Private, Capt. Oliver Col- 
born's co. of Minute-men, Col. Arnold's regt. ; enlisted July 25, 1775; service, 20 
days; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. Lyon's co., 
Col. Benjamin Gill's regt., dated June 27, 1777 ; residence, Gardnerstown ; enlisted 
for town of Stoughton; joined Capt. Burton's co., Col. Sherburne's regt.; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, Col. Henry Sherburne's regt.; Continental Army pay ac- 
counts for service from March 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. Benjamin 
Burton's co., Col. Sherburne's regt. ; return dated Boston, June 15, 1779; enlisted 
March 10, 1777; also, Col. Sherburne's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 9, 1780; reported discharged. 

Berry, Ebenezer, Danvers. Private, Capt. Stephen Wilkins's co.. Col. Wiggles- 
worth's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Albany home, sworn to 
Jan. 15, 1777. 

Berry, Elisha, Harwich. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months agreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780 ; age, 17 .vrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence, Harwich; arrived at Spring- 
field July 19, 1780 ; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Clark ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months service and returned by Brig. 
Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 
25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised Ijy tlie town of Harwich for ser- 
vice in the Continental Army during 1780; marched July 8, 1780; discharged 
Dec. 13, 1780; service, 5 mos. 20 days. 

Berry, Ephraim. Private, Capt. George Lewis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt.; pay roll 
for 3 days service on an alarm at Bedford, Dartmouth and Falmouth, Sept. G, 
1778; also, Capt. Nathaniel Lothrop's co., Col. Freeman's regt.; payroll for 5 
days service guarding men from the " Somerset" from Barnstable to Plymouth, 
dated Barnstable, Nov. 9, 1778. 

Berry, Ephraim, Rutland. Private, Capt. David Bent's co.. Col. Nath. Sparhawk's 
regt., which marched April 20, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to 
Cambridge; service, 6 days; also, Capt. John Boynton's co.. Col. Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted July 27, 1777; discharged Aug. 23, 1777; service, 1 mo. 4 days, 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 991 

Berry, Ephraim, continued. 

under Col. Job Gushing, on an expedition to Bennington ; also, descriptive list of 
men raised to reinforce Continental Army for the term of 6 months, agreeable to 
resolve of June 5, 1780; age, 2i yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, light; resi- 
dence, Rutland; arrived at Springfield July 7, 1780; marched to camp July 7, 
1780, under command of Capt. Dix ; also, list of men raised for the 6 months 
service and returned by Brig. Gen. Paterson as having passed muster, in a return 
dated Camp Totoway, Oct. 25, 1780; also, pay roll for 6 months men raised by 
the town of Rutland for service in the Continental Army during 1780; marched 
July 5, 1780; discharged Dec. 14, 1780; service, 5 mos. 17 days. 

Berry, Ezra, Plympton. Private, Capt. Thomas Loring's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 1 day. 

Berry, George. Private, Capt. Thomas Hodsdon's co.. Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; 
enlisted May 28, 1778; discharged Dec. 14, 1778; service, 6 mos. 17 days; enlist- 
ment, 8 months; roll dated Berwick; also, pay rolls for July-Sept., 1778, dated 
West Point; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Berry, George, Scarborough. Return of men enlisted into Continental Array from 
Col. Reuben Fogg's (3d Cumberland Co.) regt., made up on settlement author- 
ized by resolve of April 29, 1778; residence, Scarborough; enlisted for town of 
Scarborough; joined Capt. MaybeiTy's co.. Col. Francis's regt.; enlistment, 3 
years; also. Private, Capt. Richard Mayberry's co.. Col. Benjamin Tupper's 
(15th) regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1777, to 
Dec. 31, 1779 ; reported mustered by Col. Varrick ; also, Capt. Maybery's co.. Col. 
Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; roll made up for 76 days rations from date of enlist- 
ment, Jan. 3, 1777, to time of arrival at Bennington; also. Col. Tupper's regt.; 
muster roll dated West Point, April 5, 1779; enlisted Dec. 25, 1776; reported on 
command at the Lines. 

Berry, Hugh {alias Elihu), Pittsfield. Private, Capt. Noble's co.. Col. Paterson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 29, 1775; service, 3 mos. 9 
days; also, company return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, list of men in Capt. David 
Noble's CO., who enlisted April 22, 1775 ; marched to Cambridge and served 6 
months ; also, list of men in Capt. William Francis's co., who marched to 
Albanj' Jan. 14, 1776, by order of Gen. Schuyler, and were dismissed Jan. 19, 
1776 ; service, 5 days ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental Army from 
Capt. William Ford's CO. [year not given] ; residence, Pittsfield ; enlisted for town 
of Pittsfield; joined Capt. Ashley's co.. Col. Vose's regt.; enlistment, 3 j-ears; 
also, Capt. Moses Ashley's co.. Col. Joseph Vose's (14th) regt. ; Continental Army 
pay accounts for service from Feb. 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, muster roll 
dated Camp near Valley Forge, Jan. 6, 1778; also, pay abstract for Jan., 1779, 
sworn to in Quarters at Providence; also, muster roll for March and April, 1779, 
dated Providence ; reported on command at Kingston ; also, return of men in ser- 
vice before Aug. 16, 1777; marched to Peekskill; also, Capt. Hancock's co.. Col. 
Vose's regt.; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to 
Feb. 11, 1780. 

Berry, Isaac. Private, Capt. Lot Crowell's co.. Col. Nathaniel Freeman's regt. ; pay 

roll for 13 days service in Sept., 1778, on an alarm at Dartmouth and Falmouth ; 

also, pay roll for 2 days service in Nov., 1778, guarding prisoners from the ship 

" Somerset," lost on Cape Cod. 
Berry, Isaac. Private, Capt. Roger Libby's co. ; joined Oct. 1, 1779; discharged Oct. 

23, 1779; service, 23 days, at the Eastward; company detached from Cumberland 

Co. militia under command of Nathaniel Jordan, Esq. 
Behby, Jajies, Charlestown. Sergeant, Capt. Josiah Harris's co.. Col. Gardner's regt. ; 

company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, Capt. Harris's co.. Col. William 

Bond's (late Gardner's) 37th regt.; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in 

monej', dated Dec. 27, 1775. 



992 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AXD SAILORS 

Beiiky, James. Private, Capt. Hart Williams's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's regt. ; 
muster roll dated Garrison at Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; 
reported deserted May 4, 1776. 

Beret, J.vmes. 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Zadok Buffinton's co.. Col. Johnson's regt. ; 
enlisted Aug. 12, 1777; discharged Nov. 30, 1777, at Cambridge; service, 3 mos. 
19 days. 

Berry, James. Captain, Col. Thomas Poor's regt. ; enlisted June 4, 1778; discharged 
Feb. 28, 1779; service, 9 mos. 6 days; also, pay roll for Sept., 1778, dated Fort 
Clinton ; also, pay rolls for Nov. and Dec, 1778, dated King's Ferry. 

Berry, James, Sheffield. Descriptive list of men raised agreeable to Act of 1780; 
Capt. Fellows's co.. Col. Ashley's (Berkshire Co.) regt.; age, 39 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 10 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, laborer; residence, 
Sheffield ; enlistment, 3 years. 

Berry, James, Northampton. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; age, 28 yrs. ; stature, 
5 ft. 8 in.; complexion, dark; liair, dark; occupation, miner; residence, North- 
ampton; enlisted April 11, 1781; enlistment, 3 years. 

Berry, Jeuemiah. Seaman, brigantine " Independence," commanded l)y Capt. Simeon 
Sampson; engaged Aug. 23, 1776; service, 29 days; roll dated Plymoutli; also, 
pay roll for service from Sept. 23, 1776, 3 mos. 8 days; also, pay roll for service 
from Jan. 1, 1777, 6 mos. 5 days. 

Berry, John, Lynn. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Bancroft's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days. 

Berry, John. Sergeant, Capt. Jonas Hubbard's co. ; list of men returned as serving 
on picket guard under Maj. Baldwin, May 23, 1775. 

Berry, Johx. Private, Capt. James Sawyer's co., Col. James Frye's regt.; return of 
men in camp at Cambridge, May 17, 1775. 

Berry, John, Milton. Private, Capt. Josiah Vose's co. ; pay roll for service from 
April 13 to April 26, 1776, 12 days, in defence of sea coast. 

Berry, John, Salem. 2d Lieutenant, Artillery co. ; list of sea coast officers; commis- 
sioned July 2, 1776; also, Capt. John Symonds's (Artillery) co.; enlisted July 8, 
1776; service, 2 mos. 23 days; company raised in Salem. 

Berry, John. Private, Capt. Moses Brown's (7th) co., Col. John Glover's (14th) 
regt. ; pay abstracts for April-Aug., 1776; enlisted June 3 [year not given] ; re- 
ported discharged on pay abstract for Aug., 1776. 

Berry, John. Private, Capt. Silas Fowler's co., Col. John Mosley's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; enlisted Oct. 21, 1776; returned Nov. 17, 1776; service, 28 days; marched 
under Lieut. Col. Timothy llobinson to reinforce Northern army. Roll dated 
Southwick. 

Berry, John. Private, Capt. Joseph Hooker's co., Lieut. Col. Samuel Williams's 
regt. ; enlisted Dec. 15, 1776; discharged March 18, 1777; service, 3 mos. 14 days. 
Roll dated Morristown. 

Berry, John, Boston. List of deserters ; Lieut. Col. Calvin Smith's (13th) regt. ; age, 
22 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; occupation, tailor; 
birthplace, Ireland; residence, Boston-, rank, Private; deserted July 29, 1777, 
from Capt. Smart's co. 

Berry, John, Andover. Private, Capt. Nathaniel Lovejoy's co., commanded by Lieut. 
John Adams, Col. Samuel Johnson's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 
19, 1775, to Caml)ridge; service, 3^ days; also, 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Zadok Buf- 
fington's CO., Col. Samuel Johnson's regt. ; pay abstract for rations from Aug. 
14, 1777, to Dec. 1, 1777. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 993 

Berry, Johx, Georgetown. Captain, 3d co.. Col. McCobb's (1st Lincoln Co.) regt. ; 
list of officers of Mass. militia; commissioned July 1, 1776; a^so, return of men 
enlisted into Continental Army from Col. McCobb's (1st Lincoln Co.) regt., a3 
returned by Brig. Gen. Charles Gushing, dated Pownalborough, Aug. 20, 1778; 
residence, Georgetown ; enlisted in 1778 to guard troops of convention, magazines 
and public stores, under Gen. Heath, agreeable to resolve of June 23, 1778; also, 
Col. Jacob Gerrish's regt. of guards; enlisted July 3, 1778; discharged Dec. 22, 
1778 ; service, 5 mos. 20 days ; roll dated Camp at Winter Hill. 

Berry, Joiix. Private, Capt. John Thompson's co.. Col. Porter's (Hampshire Co.) 
regt.; marched on an alarm Sept. 23, 1777, to reinforce Northern army under 
Maj. Gen. Gates; discharged Oct. 17, 1777; seirice, 1 mo. 1 day. 

Berry, Johx. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, Muster 
Master, dated Boston, Jan. 8, 1777; Capt. James Gray's co.. Col. Marshall's 
regt. 

Berry, Johx. Private, Capt. Thomas Mayo's co., Col. Eleazer Brooks's regt. of 
guards; pay roll for service from Feb. 2, 1778, to April 3, 1778, 2 mos., at 
Cambridge. 

Berry, Johx, Haverhill. Private, Capt. Jonathan Foster's co., Col. Nathaniel Wade's 
regt.; enlisted July 9, 1778; enlistment, 6 months, to expire Jan. 1,1779; stationed 
at Middletown and North Kingston, R. I.; also, Capt. Jonathan Evans's co., Col. 
Wade's regt.; muster roll for .Jan.-Oct., 1778, dated East Greenwich; reported 
deserted Sept. 16, 1778; also, Capt. Evans's co.. Col. Wade's regt. ; return of men 
who served in boats on expedition against Newport [year not given] ; service, 24 
days; roll endorsed " 1778." 

Berry, Johx. Boy, brig " Hazard," commanded by Capt. John F. Williams ; engaged 
Dec. 2, 1778; discharged April 20, 1779; service, 4 mos. 18 days. Roll dated 
Boston. 

Berry, Johx. Private, Capt. Joseph Libby's (9th) co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lin- 
coln Co.) regt.; enlisted June 23, 1777; discharged July 16, 1777; service, 23 
days, at Machias, when ship "Ambuscade " lay in the harbor ; also, Capt. Stephen 
Smith's CO., Col. Foster's regt. ; pay roll for 18 days service between July 16, 1777, 
and Oct. 10, 1777, at Machias, when British ships lay in the harbor ; also, pay roll 
for 6 days service between Dec. 4, 1778, and Jan. 4, 1779 ; also, Lieut. John Scott's 
CO., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; pay roll for 7 days service between Aug. 31, 1779, and 
Nov. 20, 1779, at Penobscot and Machias. 

Berry, Johx. Private, Artillery co., Col. John Allan's regt.; enlisted Oct. 19, 1779; 
discharged Dec. 1, 1779; service, 1 mo. 11 days, at Machias; also, Capt. John 
Preble's co., Col. Allan's regt. ; pay roll for service from Dec. 1, 1779, to May 13, 
1780, 5 mos. 13 days, at Machias. 

Berry, Johx. Maj. Oliver's co., 3d regt. ; enlisted July 15, 1779 ; discharged April 15, 
1780; enlistment, 9 months. 

Berry, Johx, Boston. List of deserters dated Camp Highlands, N. Y., July 13, 1780; 
Col. Joseph Vose's (1st) regt. ; age, 29 yrs. ; complexion, light ; hair, dark ; occu- 
pation, farmer; birthplace, Cork, Ireland; residence, Boston. 

Berry, Johx. Private, Capt. Benjamin Peabody's co., Lieut. Col. Enoch Putnam's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 18, 1781 ; discharged Nov. 19, 1781 ; service, 2 mos. 14 days ; 
regiment raised in Essex and Plymouth counties to reinforce Continental Army. 

Berry, Johx, Jr. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
pay roll for 2 days service between Dec. 4, 1778, and Jan. 4, 1779; also, Lieut. 
John Scott's CO., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; pay roll for 7 days service between Aug. 
31, 1779, and Nov. 20, 1779, at Machias. 



994 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Berry, John, 3d, Sandwich. Descriptive list of men raised to reinforce Continental 
Army for the term of 6 months, ajjreeable to resolve of June 5, 1780; age, "21 yrs. ; 
stature, 5 ft. 9 in.; complexion, ruddy; residence. Sandwich; arrived at Spring- 
field July 19, 1780; marched to camp July 19, 1780, under command of Capt. 
Clark. 

Berry, John Nichols, Charlemont. Capt. Jolm Jones's co., Col. Ephraini Doolittle's 
regt. ; receipt for advance paj' dated Cambridge, July 1, 1775; also, Private; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted April 26, 1775; service, 3 mos. 13 days; 
also, company return dated Winter Hill, Oct. 6, 1775. 

Berry, Jonathan, Scarborougli. Private, Capt. Abraliam Tyler's co.. Col. Edmund 
Phinney's (31st) regt. ; liilleting roll made up from date of enlistment, Maj- 8, 
1775, to date of marching to headquarters, Jul}- 6, 1775, equivalent to 58 days; 
also, company return dated Sept. 29, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 26, 1775. 

Berry, Jonathan, Harwich. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
return of men in service from Dec. 13, 1776, to March 1, 1777; also, Capt. Ben- 
jamin Berry's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; pay roll for 7 days service on 
an alai-m at Bedford and Falmouth, Sept. 7, 1778. 

Berry, Jonathan. Private, Capt. James Prentiss's co., Col. Samuel Brewer's regt.; 
paj' abstract for travel allowance from Saratoga home, allowed in Council, Feb. 
3, 1777. 

Berry, Jonathan. Private, Capt. Stephen Smith's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
pay roll for 2 days service between Dec. 4, 1778, and Jan. 4, 1779; also, Capt. 
John Hall's co.. Col. Benjamin Foster's (Lincoln Co.) regt. ; return of men in 
service from Aug. 7, 1779, to Sept. 7, 1779, 1 mo., dated Boston ; marched on ex- 
pedition to Majorbagaduce, by order of Gen. Lovel. 

Berry, Jonathan. Private, Lieut. John Scott's co., 6th Lincoln Co. regt. ; pay roll for 
7 days service between Aug. 31, 1779, and Nov. 20, 1779, at Penobscot and 
Machias. 

Berry, Joseph. Private, Capt. John Crawford's co.. Col. Jonathan Warner's regt., 
which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 9 days. 

Berry, Joseph. Private, Capt. William Crocker's co. ; marched May 31, 1776; roll 
made up to Aug. 31, 1776; service, 3 mos., at Falmouth, Cumberland Co.; also, 
Capt. Crocker's co., Col. Mitchell's regt. ; pay roll for service from Aug. 31, 1776, 
to date of discharge, Nov. 23, 1776, 2 mos. 23 days, at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Berry, Joseph, Lexington. Descriptive list of enlisted men dated West Point, Jan. 
25, 1781; age, 30 yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 7 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, 
gray; residence, Lexington; enlisted Sept. 15, 1778, by Capt. Fowles; joined Col. 
John Greaton's (3d) regt. ; enlistment, during war. 

Berry, Joseph. Private, Capt. Ebenezer Smith's co.. Col. Calvin Smith's (late 
Wigglesworth's) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Sept. 20, 
1778, to Dec. 31, 1779. 

Berry, Joseph, Oakham (also given Rutland and New Braintree). Private, Capt. 
Simeon Hazeltine's co., Col. Fellows's regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; 
enlisted April 27, 1775; service, 3 mos. 12 days; also, list of men entitled to 
a bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Hardwick, Nov. 2, 1775; also, 
return of men enlisted into Continental Army from Capt. David Bent's and Capt. 
Phineas Walker's cos., Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brook- 
field, Sept. 15, 1777; residence, Oakham (also given Rutland) ; enlisted for town 
of Oakham (also given Rutland) ; joined Capt. Holden's (also given Capt. 
Wheeler's) co.. Col. Nixon's regt.; enlistment, 3 j'cars or during war; reported 
drafted; also, list of men returned by committee for settling disputes between 
towns as to soldiers credited to them, dated Barre, June 25, 1778; said Berry 



IX THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTIOX. 995 

Bekry, Joseph, continued. 

claimed by Rutland, credited to Oakham; a^so, Capt. Abel Holden's (3d) co.. Col. 
Thomas Nixon's Gth (also given oth) regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for 
service from Marcli 11, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, certificate dated Boston, Feb. 
1, 1779, signed by Col. Nixon, certifying to service of said Berry in Capt. Holden's 
CO. on or before Aug. 15, 1777; also, muster roll dated Camp at Peekskill, Feb. 
16, 1779; also, muster roll dated Highlands, June 12, 1779; enlisted March 11, 
1777 ; also, pay abstract for June and July, 1779 ; reported sick in hospital in Juh-, 
1779; also, pay abstract for Aug., 1779; reported returned to duty; also, return 
for clothing, dated Peekskill, Dec. 5, 1779 ( ? ) ; also, Capt. Matthew Ciiambers's 
CO., Col. Nixon's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from Jan. 1, 
1780, to March 11, 1780; reported discharged March 11, 1780. 

Berry, Joseph, York. Descriptive list of enlisted men ; Capt. Day's co., Lieut. Col. 
John Brooks's (7th) regt.; age, 17 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, dark; 
hair, dark; occupation, farmer; residence, York; enlisted April 9, 1782; enlist- 
ment, 3 years; also, Capt. Day's co., Lieut. Col. Brooks's regt.; list of men de- 
serted ; deserted Dec. 12, 1782, at Fishkill. 

Berry, Joshua, Falmouth. Capt. David Bradish's co. ; billeting roll from date of 
enlistment. May 15, 1775, to date of marching to Headquarters, July 8, 1775, 
equivalent to 54 days; also. Private, Capt. Bradish's co., Col. Edmund Phinney's 
regt. ; company return [probably Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in mone.v, dated Fort No. 2, Cambridge, Oct. 28, 1775 ; also. Corporal, 
Capt. Tobias Fernald's co.. Col. Phinnej''s regt. ; muster roll dated Garrison at 
Fort George, Dec. 8, 1776; enlisted Jan. 1, 1776; reported sick in general hospital. 

Berry, Joshua, Amesbury. Descriptive list of men enlisted from Essex Co. for the 
term of 9 months from the time of their arrival at Fishkill, June 20, 1778 ; age, 21 
yrs.; stature, 5 ft. 6 in.; complexion, light; residence, Amesbury; also, list of 
men returned as received of Jonathan "Warner, Commissioner, by Col. R. Putnam, 
July 20, 1778. 

Berry, Josiah. Corporal, Capt. Abishai Brown's co.. Col. John Nixon's (5th) regt.; 
company return dated Sept. 30, 1775 ; reported place taken by Joseph Pierce. 

Berry, Josiah. Private, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; marched Feb. 20, 1776 ; rolls 
made up to Nov. 24, 1776 ; service, 9 mos. 3 days, at Falmouth. 

Berry, Josiah, Falmouth. Sergeant, Capt. Joseph Pride's CO., Col. Joseph Prime's 
(Cumberland Co.) regt.; enlisted April 18, 1780; discharged Dec. 6, 1780; ser- 
vice, 7 mos. 18 days, at the Eastward ; enlistment, 8 months. 

Berry, Josiah. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt.; 
enlisted May 8, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 7 mos. 24 days, under 
Brig. Gen. Wadsworth at the Eastward. Roll sworn to in York Co. 

Berry, Judah. Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Berry's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt.; 
pay roll for 7 days service at Bedford and Falmouth, on the alarm of Sept. 7, 
1778 ; company detached from Harwich militia. 

Berry, Ledford. Private, Capt. Allen McLane's co., Lieut. Col. John Parke's regt.; 
pav roll for Aug., 1778. 

Bekry, Michael, Salem. Capt. Parker's co., Col. Prescott'sregt. ; list of men returned 
as serving on the main guard dated Cambridge, July 22, 1775 ; reported confined 
by Lieut. Corey 8 nights for refusing to do duty and enlisting into another com- 
pany; also. Private, Lieut. Ephraim Corey's co.. Col. William Prescott's regt.; 
muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 29, 1775; service, 64 days; also, 
company return dated Cambridge, Oct. 7, 1775; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Cambridge, Oct. 31, 1775. 



996 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Beery, Nathaniel, Gardnerstown. Private, Capt. Oliver Colborn's co. of Minute- 
men, Col. Arnold's regt. ; enlisted July 25, 1775 ; service, 20 days. 

Berry, Oxer. Seaman, ship " Mars," commanded by Capt. Simeon Samson ; engaged 
July 20, 1780; discharged March 12, 1781 ; service, 7 mos. 22 days. 

Berry, Orion. Private, Capt. John Russell's co. ; enlisted Aug. 22, 1776; roll made 
up to Sept. 30, 1776; service, 1 mo. 8 days, at Martha's Vineyard; also, Capt. 
Russell's CO., Maj. Barachiah Bassett's regt.; pay roll for service from Sept. 30, 
1776, to Nov. 22, 1776, 1 mo. 22 days, at Martins (?) Vineyard. 

Berry, Pavl. Seaman, ship "Alfred," commanded by Capt. John Paul Jones; list 
of men entitled to prize shares in the ship "Mellish" and brig "Active" [year 
not given] . 

Berry, Pelatiaii. Private, Capt. John Wentworth's co.. Col. Gerrish's regt. of 
guards; enlisted July 26, 1778; discharged Dec. 15,1778; service, 4 mos. 27 days, 
at Cambridge. 

Berry, Pelatiah, Scarborough. List of men mustered in York Co., by Nathaniel 
"Wells, Muster Master, dated March 12, 1777 ; Capt. James Donnel's co.. Col. 
Samuel Brewer's regt. ; residence, Scarborough ; enlisted Feb. 3, 1777; enlistment, 
3 years or during war; also. Private, Capt. Donnell's co.. Col. Brewer's regt.; 
muster return dated Camp at Valley Forge, Jan. 22, 1778 ; residence, Scartorough ; 
enlisted for town of Scarborough ; reported discharged July 9 [year not given] . 

Berry, Peter, Lenox. Private, Capt. Charles Dibbell's co.. Col. John Paterson's 
regt.; muster roll dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted July 20, 1775; service, 12 days; 
also, company return [probaljly Oct., 1775] ; also, order for bounty coat or its 
equivalent in money, dated Fort No. 3, Charlestown, Oct. 26, 1775; also, list of 
deserters ; Col. Paterson's (15th) regt. ; age, 43 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 8 in. ; com- 
plexion, dark ; residence, Lenox ; deserted June 15 [year illegible] . 

Berry, Richard. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's co.. Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 7 mos. 24 days, under 
Brig. Gen. Wadsworth, at the Eastward. Roll sworn to in York Co. 

Berry, Robert. Private, Lieut. James Clark's co. ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1780 ; discharged 
Oct. 24, 1780; servi<», 1 mo., in Lincoln Co., by order of Brig. Gen. Wadsworth. 

Berry, Samuel, Lynn. Fifer, Capt. Ezra Newhall's co., which marched on the alarm 
of April 19, 1775; service, 14 days; also, Capt. Newhall's co.. Col. Mansfield's 
regt.; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775; also, muster roll 
dated Aug. 1, 1775; enlisted May 2, 1775; service, 3 mos. 6 days; also, company 
return dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Newhall's co., Col. Israel Hutchinson's 
(19th) regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Camp at 
Winter Hill, Nov. 4, 1775. 

Berry, Sajivel. Private, Capt. Robert Davis's co.. Col. Freeman's regt. ; i)ay roll for 
1 mo. 7 days service sworn to in Suffolk Co., Dec. 4, 1777 ; company raised for a 
secret expedition to Rhode Island. 

Berry, Samuel, Maiden. List of men mustered in Suffolk Co. by Nathaniel Barber, 
Muster Master, dated Boston, Dec. 7, 1777 ; Capt. Lyman's co.. Col. Lee's regt. ; 
also, Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt.; enlisted 
Oct. 14, 1777 ; residence. Maiden ; enlisted for town of Maiden ; enlistment, 3 
years; reported promoted to Corporal Dec. 10, 1778; deserted June 27, 1779; re- 
turned March 5, 1780; reduced to Private March 5, 1780; also, Lieut. Mel. L. 
Woolsey's co., Lieut. Col. William S. Smith's regt. ; pay rolls for service from 
Oct. 15, 1777, to Jan. 1, 1778, and from Sept. 30, 1778, to Dec. 1, 1778, 4 mos. 16 
days; also, Corporal, Lieut. Col. David Cobb's co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; muster 
roll for April, 1779, dated Pawtuxet; enlisted Sept. 15, 1777; also, Private, Lieut. 
Colonel's co., Col. Jackson's regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service 
from March 5, 1780, to Dec. 31, 1780. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 997 

Berry, Samuel, Gardnerstown. 1st Lieutenant, Capt. Henry Smith's (also ??iven 
Capt. Samuel Oakman's) 4th co., 2d Lincoln Co. regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia ; commissioned July 23, 1776 ; also, list of men mustered in Lincoln Co. 
from Col. North's (2d) regt., as returned Aug. 20, 1778, by Brig. Cliarles Cush- 
ing; residence, Gardnerstown; enlisted July 1, 1778; regiment raised to march 
to Providence to reinforce Col. Wade's and Col. Jacoljs's regt. ; also, Capt. Simeon 
Brown's co.. Col. Nathaniel Wade's regt.; enlisted July 1, 1778; service, 6 mos. 
13 days; discharged at East Greenwich, R. I.; regiment raised in York and 
Essex counties; enlistment to expire Jan. 1, 1779. 

Berry, Scottow. Private, Capt. Benjamin Berry's co., Maj. Zenas Winslow's regt. ; 
pay roll for 6 days service at Bedford and Falmouth on the alarm of Sept. 7, 1778 ; 
company detached from Harwich militia. 

Berry, Shears, Oakham. Capt. Barnabas Sears's co. ; receipt for ammunition dated 
Dorchester Camp, Feb. 15, 1776 ; also, return of men enlisted into Continental 
Army from Col. Converse's (4th Worcester Co.) regt., dated Brookfield, Sept. 15, 
1777 ; residence, Oakham ; enlisted for town of Oakham ; joined Capt. Wheeler's 
CO., Col. Nixon's regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; reported drafted ; also, Private, Capt. 
Abel Holden's (3d) co.. Col. Thomas Nixon's 6th (also given 5tb) regt. ; Conti- 
nental Army pay accounts for service from March 11, 1777, to Nov. 20, 1779 ; re- 
ported discharged; also, muster roll dated Camp at Peekskill, Feb. 16, 1779; 
also, muster roll dated Highlands, June 12, 1779; enlisted March 11, 1777; also, 
Capt. Timothy Paige's co., Col. John Rand's regt.; enlisted July 5, 1780; dis- 
charged Oct. 10, 1780; service, 3 mos. 15 days, at West Point; enlistment, 3 
months. 

Berry, Theodore. Private, Capt. Seth Clark's co., Barnstable Co. regt. ; enlisted 
July 1, 1775; discharged Dec. 31, 1775; service, 6 mos. 1 day. 

Berry, Theodore. List of men belonging to the brigantine " Hazard," who received 
shoes taken from the prize ship " Live Oak " [year not given] . 

Berry, Thomas. Sergeant, Capt. Nathaniel Larrabee's co. ; enlisted July 9, 1775; 
service, 6 mos. 7 days, on the sea coast in Cumberland Co. 

Berry, Thomas, Hingham. Private, Capt. Peter Cushing's (3d Hingham) co.. Col. 
Solomon Lovell's regt. ; company assembled at Hingham March 15, 1776 ; ser- 
vice, 2 days; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Lovel's regt.; companj- assembled 
at Hull June 23, 1776; service, 2 days; also, Capt. Cushing's co.. Col. Lovel's 
regt. ; company assembled at Hull Dec. 14, 1776 ; service, 4 days. 

Berry, Thomas, Brunswick. Adjutant, Bristol and Cumberland co. regt. ; official 
record of a ballot by the House of Representatives, dated Jan. 23, 1776; appoint- 
ment concurred in by Council, Jan. 23, 1776; chosen to serve before Boston until 
April 1, 1776; also, Adjutant, Col. Jacob French's regt. ; list of officers of Mass. 
militia; commissioned March 26, 1776; regiment raised in Bristol and Cumber- 
land counties ; stationed at Winter Hill, Feb. 27, 1776 ; also, 1st Lieutenant, Capt. 
Richard May berry's co.. Col. Ebenezer Francis's regt. ; marched to join regiment 
Aug. 6, 1776 ; regiment raised for defence of Boston ; also, paj- abstract for travel 
allowance from Dorchester Heights home, alloM-ed in Council, Nov. 29, 1776. 

Berry, Thomas, Lebanon. Private. Capt. Goodwin's co.. Col. Wigsrels worth's rcirt. ; 
discharged at Albany Nov. 30, 1776; roll made up for travel allowance from 
thence home. 

Berry, Thomas, Lynn. Capt. Ezra Newhall's co., Col. Mansfield's regt. ; order for 
advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also. Private ; company return dated 
Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Newhall's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) regt.; 
order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Winter Hill, Nov. 4, 
1775; a/io. Drummer, Colonel's co.. Col. Rufus Putnam's 5th (also given 4th) 
regt. ; Continental Army pay accounts for service from March 9, 1777, to Dec. 31, 



998 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS 

Berry, Thomas, contimicd. 

1779; enlistment, 3 rears; also, Capt. John Williams's co.. Col. Putnam's regt. ; 
muster return dated Albany, Feb. 9, 1778 ; mustered by John Gushing, Esq. ; 
aZso, Private, Lieut. Colonel's co., Col. Putnam's regt.; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from Jan. 1, 1780, to March 11, 1780. 

Berry, Thomas, Gardnerstown. Private, Col. Henry Sherburne's regt. ; Continental 
Army pay accounts for service from April 23, 1778, to Dec. 31, 1779; enlistment, 
3 years; also, list of men returned by the enlistment committee of Salem as hav- 
ing enlisted to serve 3 years or durim? war under Col. Sherburn, dated Salem, 
May 18, 1778; also, Capt. Benjamin Burton's co.. Col. Sherburne's regt.; return 
dated Boston, June 15, 1779; enlisted April 23, 1778. 

Beruy, Thomas. Seaman, brigantine "Tyrannicide," commanded by Capt. Allen 
Ilallet ; engaged Feb. 17, 1779 ; discharged April 30, 1779 ; service, 2 mos. 14 days. 

Berry, Thomas. Private, Capt. Theophilus Wilder's co.. Col. Ebenezer Thayer's 
(SutTolk Co.) regt.; enlisted July 22, 1780; discharged Oct. 29, 1780; service, 3 
mos. 11 days, at Rhode Island ; enlistment, 3 months ; company raised to reinforce 
Continental Arraj-. 

Berry, TniOTHY, Scarborough. Private, Capt. Uichard Mayberry's co., Col. Eben- 
ezer Francis's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Dorchester Heights 
home, allowed in Council, Nov. 29, 1776; also, return of men enlisted into Conti- 
nental Arm.v from Capt. Benjamin Farrar's co., dated Feb. 1-1, 1778; residence, 
Scarljorough ; enlisted for town of Upton; joined Capt. North's co.. Col. Lee's 
regt. ; enlistment, 3 years ; mustered by Nathaniel Barber, Muster Master ; also, 
Light Infantry co.. Col. Henry Jackson's (16th) regt. ; Continental Army pay 
accounts for service from June 10, 1777, to Dec. 31, 1779; also, Capt. North's co., 
Lieut. Col. Smith's regt.; pay roll for Nov., 1778, dated Camp Pawtuxet; also, 
Capt. William Scott's (4th) co.. Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll for April, 1779, 
dated Garrison at Pawtuxet ; enlisted June 10, 1777 ; also, 4th co., commanded 
by Ensign William Ilickard, Col. Jackson's regt. ; muster roll dated Providence, 
July 8, 1779; also, Capt. Scott's (Light Infantry) co., Col. Jackson's regt.; pay 
roll for Oct., 1779; also. Light Infantrj- co.. Col. Jackson's regt.; return dated 
Camp at Providence, Dec. 31, 1779; also, list of men returned by Committee for 
settling disputes between towns as to soldiers credited to them ; said Berr}' claimed 
by Scarborough ; credited to Upton. 

Berry, William, Falmouth. Private, Capt. John Brackett's co., which marched April 
21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775, to headquarters; service, 5 
days. 

Berry, William. Fifer, Capt. David Copp's co. ; return of men in service at Pierce's 
Island, Nov. 5, 1775. 

Berry, William, Danvers. Private, Capt. Asa Prince's co., which marched on the 
alarm of April 19, 1775 ; service, 2 days ; also, Capt. Prince's co., Col. Mansfield's 
regt. ; order for advance pay dated Cambridge, June 8, 1775 ; also, company re- 
turn dated Oct. 6, 1775; also, Capt. Prince's co.. Col. Israel Hutchinson's (19th) 
regt. ; order for bounty coat or its equivalent in money, dated Dec. 21, 1775. 

Berry, William. 2d Corporal, Capt. Benjamin Hooper's co. ; marched Jan. 25, 1776 ; 
rolls made up to May 30, 1776 ; service, 4 mos. 7 days, at Falmouth. 

Berry, William. Private, Capt. William Crocker's co.. Col. Mitchell's regt.; roll 
made up from Aug. 31, 1776; discharged Nov. 23, 1776; service, 2 mos. 23 days, 
at Falmouth, Cumberland Co. 

Berry, William, Pelham. Corporal, Capt. Oliver Lyman's co., Col. Dike's regt.; 
pay abstract for travel allowance dated Dorchester, Nov. 27, 1776. 

Berry, AVilliam. Seaman, ship " Protector," commanded i)y Capt. John F. Williams ; 
engaged Feb. 20, 1780; discharged Aug. 17, 1780; service, 5 mos. 27 days. 



IN THE WAR OF THE REVOLUTION. 999 

Berry, Zebulon. Private, Capt. Jonathan Andrews's co., Col. Joseph Prime's regt. ; 
enlisted May 8, 1780; discharged Dec. 31, 1780; service, 7 mos. 24 days, under 
Brig. Gen. Wadsworth, at the Eastward. Roll sworn to in York Co. 

Berse, Anthony, Bridgewater. Private, Capt. Nathan Mitchell's co., which marched 
on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 11 days. 

Bekse, Erenezer, Pembroke. Lieutenant, Capt. Samuel Nelson's co.. Col. Aaron 
Willard's regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Pembroke via No. 1 or 
Charlestowii to Skeensborough, dated Boston, Jan. 17, 1777; also, pay abstract 
for travel allowance from Fort Edward via Albany to Pembroke, allowed in Coun- 
cil, Jan. 28, 1777. 

Berse, Edward. Private, Capt. James Davis's co. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 
1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days, on the sea coast, dated Barnstable. 

Berse, Gershom, Barnstable. Private, Capt. Micah Hamilton's co.. Col. Joseph Otis's 
regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, to Marshfield ; service, 2 
days. 

Berse, Ichabod, Pembroke. Private, Capt. Samuel Nelson's co.. Col. Aaron Willard's 
regt. ; pay abstract for travel allowance from Pembroke via No. 4 or Chariestowa 
to Skeensborough, dated Boston, Jan. 17, 1777 ; also, pay abstract for travel allow- 
ance from Fort Edward via Albany to Pembroke, allowed in Council, Jan. 28, 
1777. 

Berse, Judah. Private, Capt. James Davis's co. ; pay roll for service from Nov. 1, 
1775, to Dec. 31, 1775, 2 mos. 5 days, on the sea coast, dated Barnstable. 

Bersstow, Daniex. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co., Col. Jeremiah Hall's regt. ; 
marched Dec. 10, 1776; service, 3 mos. 2 days; company raised in Scituate and 
Hanover to serve at Bristol, R. I. 

Bersstow, James. Private, Capt. Hayward Peirce's co.. Col. Theophilus Cotton's 
regt. ; enlisted Sept. 25, 1777 ; discharged Oct. 28, 1777 ; service, 1 mo. 6 days ; 
company drafted from Scituate and Hanover and marched on a secret expedition 
to Tiverton, R. I. 

Bert, Alexander, Newton. Descriptive list of enlisted men returned by Joseph Hos- 
mer; age, 27 yrs. ; stature, 5 ft. 11 in.; complexion, dark; hair, dark; eyes, 
gray; occupation, laborer; residence, Newton; enlisted Julj" 11, 1781; enlist- 
ment, 6 months. 

Berth, . Captain, Col. Armand's Independent corps ; list of officers entitled to 

draw clothing agreeable to resolve of Aug, 23, 1779. 

Bertlet, Bartholomew, Myrifield. Private, Capt. Oliver Avery's co., which marched 
April 21, 1775, in response to the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 17^ days. 

Bertlet, Ebenezer, Brookfield. Private, Capt. Daniel Gilbert's co.. Col. Job Cush- 
ing'sregt. ; pay roll for service from Jul}' 30, 1777, to Sept. 2, 1777, 1 mo. 4 days; 
marched from Brookfield to Bennington and Half Moon. 

Bertlet, Roger, Lancaster (probal)ly). Private, Capt. Samuel Sawyer's co.. Col. 
John Whitcomb's regt., which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775; service, 7 
days. 

Berton, Benjamin. 4th Corporal, Capt. Josiah "Wilder's co., Col. Nathan Sparhawk's 
regt.; enlisted July 4, 1778; discharged July 15, 1778; service, 13 days, at Rut- 
land Barracks, under Maj. Daniel Clapp. Roll dated Templeton. 

Berton, Ezra. Colonel's co., 12th regt.; enlisted July 10, 1779; discharged April 10, 
1780 ; enlistment, 9 months. 

Berton, James. Private, Capt. Thomas Turner's co.. Col. Thomas Marshall's regt. ; 
enlisted May 31, 177G; roll made up to Aug. 1, 1776; service, 65 days. 



1000 MASSACHUSETTS SOLDIERS AND SAILORS. 



Berton, Joxathan. Private, Lieut. Jabez Colt's co., Col. Rossiter's (Berkshire Co.) 
regt. ; enlisted July 17, 1777; discharged July 27, 1777; service, 11 days, at the 
Northward. Roll dated Richmond. 

Berton, Tiaiothy Sow, Charlton. Private, Capt. William Campbell's co.. Col. Eben- 
ezer Learned's regt. ; companj' return dated Roxliury, Oct. 7, 1775. 

Bert, EinvARD. Sergeant, Capt. Daniel Sullivan's co., Col. Benjamin Foster's regt.; 
discliarged July 3, 1777; service, 8 days; reported called out three different times 
to do duty at Machias. 

Bert, John, Jr. Private, Capt. Jabez "West's co. ; enlisted July 22, 1776 ; discharged 
Nov. 24, 1776; ser^ice, 4 mos. 2 days; company raised for expedition against 
Nova Scotia and continued in service at and for the defence of Machias. 

Bert, Joxathan. Sergeant, Capt. Abijah Bangs's co., Col. Dike's regt. ; pay abstract 
for gun and blanket money, dated Boston, Feb. 24, 1777. 

Bert, JosEni. Receipt for bounty paid him by Ebenezer Blaisdell of Class No. 7 of 
the town of York to serve in the Continental Army for the term of 3 years, dated 
Wells, May 18, 1782. 



ERRATA. 



Page 2G, 2d entry, for " Mason " read " Nason " and for " Steven's " read " Storer's." 

Pat^e 3"), Pith entry, for "company return " read "field and stafTroll." 

Pages 87 and 118, in 4tli and lOtli entries respectively, for "G mos." read ";") mos." 

Pages 338, 697 and Zo-'J, in 4tli, lOtli and lltli entries respectively, for " Oct. 27 " read 
"Oct. 30." 

Pages 366 and 37'), in 14tli and 3d entries respectively, for " Allan's regt." read " Allan's 
dept." 

Page 427, 12th entry, for "G nios." read " ."> mos." and add at end of entry " [See 
Kenelm Bacon]." and in Kith entry, for " Rethian " read '• Hethiah." 

Pages 654, 657, 712, 860, 914 and 917, in 6th, 11th, 6th, 3d, 2d and 5th, and 2d entries 
respective!}-, strike out " which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775 " and sub- 
stitute " ; return for mileage to and from camp dated Dorchester, Jan. 13, 1776." 

Page 726, 5th entry, after " emi)loyed " insert " 2 days." 

Page 730, 14th entry, for " 5 mos." read "4 mos." 

Page 809, between 13th and 14th entries insert new entry as follows : " Battels, Isaac. 
First 2d Lieutenant, Capt. Al)ner Lowell's (Matross) co., stationed at Falmouth, 
Cumberland Co.; return dated July 31, 1777; compan.v returned Aug. 11, 1777, 
as mustered by Col. Peter Noyes agreealile to sea coast establishment." 

Page 813, 3d entry, f(n- " Jonah " read " Josiah." 

Page 893, 12th entry, after " Betle " insert " Bottle." 



